
      “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
  

      “The Paradoxical CommandmentsPeople are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered.Love them anyway.If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives.Do good anyway.If you are successful, you will win false friends and true enemies.Succeed anyway.The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow.Do good anyway.Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable.Be honest and frank anyway.The biggest men and women with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest men and women with the smallest minds.Think big anyway.People favor underdogs but follow only top dogs.Fight for a few underdogs anyway.What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight.Build anyway.People really need help but may attack you if you do help them.Help people anyway.Give the world the best you have and you'll get kicked in the teeth.Give the world the best you have anyway.”
  



      “For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”
  

      “Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”
  


      “Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.”
  

      “Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”
  


      “It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.”
  


      “Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.”
  


      “Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.”
  

      “The Seven Social Sins are: Wealth without work. Pleasure without conscience. Knowledge without character. Commerce without morality. Science without humanity. Worship without sacrifice. Politics without principle.From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.”
  

      “There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.”
  


      “You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.”
  

      “Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”
  

      “Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
  

      “Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
  

      “Promise YourselfTo be so strong that nothingcan disturb your peace of mind.To talk health, happiness, and prosperityto every person you meet.To make all your friends feelthat there is something in themTo look at the sunny side of everythingand make your optimism come true.To think only the best, to work only for the best,and to expect only the best.To be just as enthusiastic about the success of othersas you are about your own.To forget the mistakes of the pastand press on to the greater achievements of the future.To wear a cheerful countenance at all timesand give every living creature you meet a smile.To give so much time to the improvement of yourselfthat you have no time to criticize others.To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,not in loud words but great deeds.To live in faith that the whole world is on your sideso long as you are true to the best that is in you.”
  


      “If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
  

      “The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”
  

      “Happiness is a warm puppy.”
  

      “You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”
  

      “They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.”
  

      “No medicine cures what happiness cannot.”
  

      “It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
  


      “Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.”
  

      “The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.”
  


      “Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”
  

      “You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".”
  


      “HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...”
  

      “Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.”
  


      “Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.”
  

      “Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.”
  



      “I've got nothing to do today but smile.”
  

      “Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
  

      “Happiness [is] only real when shared”
  


      “The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
  

      “I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, "This is what it is to be happy.”
  


      “Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.”
  


      “Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.”
  

      “It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.”
  


      “Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
  

      “I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.”
  


      “please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”
  


      “When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.”
  


      “It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
  


      “All happiness depends on courage and work.”
  

      “The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.”
  

      “The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
  


      “Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.”
  

      “I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”
  

      “I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.”
  


      “Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
  

      “So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?”
  

      “I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.”
  


      “And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand, They danced by the light of the moon.”
  


      “Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.”
  

      “Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.”
  


      “The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.”
  

      “One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.”
  

      “Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.”
  

      “I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.”
  


      “Happiness depends upon ourselves.”
  

      “I know that's what people say-- you'll get over it. I'd say it, too. But I know it's not true. Oh, youll be happy again, never fear. But you won't forget. Every time you fall in love it will be because something in the man reminds you of him.”
  



      “It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
  

      “I'd far rather be happy than right any day.”
  


      “The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.”
  


      “Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.”
  

      “People like to say love is unconditional, but it's not, and even if it was unconditional, it's still never free. There's always an expectation attached. They always want something in return. Like they want you to be happy or whatever and that makes you automatically responsible for their happiness because they won't be happy unless you are ... I just don't want that responsibility.”
  


      “Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
  


      “Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others...By and large, I have come to see that if we complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves.”
  

      “Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
  


      “Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.”
  


      “Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.”
  


      “Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.”
  

      “Ester asked why people are sad."That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”
  


      “Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability. And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt. Happiness is never grand.”
  


      “I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.”
  


      “With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.”
  


      “Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.”
  

      “What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more' ... Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”
  


      “Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
  


      “The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.”
  


      “I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.”
  


      “It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life”
  


      “There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
  


      “A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
  


      “I'm choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I'm making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet-to-come surprises.”
  


      “Whoever is happy will make others happy.”
  


      “There are two ways to get enough. One is to continue to accumulate more and more. The other is to desire less.”
  

      “I think happiness is what makes you pretty. Period. Happy people are beautiful. They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness.”
  

      “A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”
  


      “There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
  

      “Happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” Wren said. “It’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for.”
  



      “True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”
  

      “People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.”
  


      “Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
  


      “Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
  


      “This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.”
  


      “With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.”
  


      “Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”
  


      “She is free in her wildness, she is a wanderess, a drop of free water. She knows nothing of borders and cares nothing for rules or customs. 'Time' for her isn’t something to fight against. Her life flows clean, with passion, like fresh water.”
  

      “After all, what is happiness? Love, they tell me. But love doesn't bring and never has brought happiness. On the contrary, it's a constant state of anxiety, a battlefield; it's sleepless nights, asking ourselves all the time if we're doing the right thing. Real love is composed of ecstasy and agony.”
  


      “I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.”
  

      “I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”
  


      “Children are happy because they don't have a file in their minds called "All the Things That Could Go Wrong.”
  

      “Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived.”
  

      “You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”
  


      “The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.”
  

      “Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
  

      “Laughter is poison to fear.”
  


      “That's the difference between me and the rest of the world! Happiness isn't good enough for me! I demand euphoria!”
  


      “I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.”
  

      “We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain.”
  

      “Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.”
  


      “I am very happyBecause I have conquered myselfAnd not the world.I am very happyBecause I have loved the worldAnd not myself.”
  

      “And I can't be running back and fourth forever between grief and high delight.”
  


      “A thing of beauty is a joy forever.”
  


      “I've always thought people would find a lot more pleasure in their routines if they burst into song at significant moments.”
  

      “The sense of unhappiness is so much easier to convey than that of happiness. In misery we seem aware of our own existence, even though it may be in the form of a monstrous egotism: this pain of mine is individual, this nerve that winces belongs to me and to no other. But happiness annihilates us: we lose our identity.”
  


      “What can I do with my happiness? How can I keep it, conceal it, bury it where I may never lose it? I want to kneel as it falls over me like rain, gather it up with lace and silk, and press it over myself again.”
  


      “I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.”
  


      “I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”
  

      “The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.”
  

      “I have a million things to talk to you about. All I want in this world is you. I want to see you and talk. I want the two of us to begin everything from the beginning.”
  



      “Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
  

      “Name one hero who was happy."I considered. Heracles went mad and killed his family; Theseus lost his bride and father; Jason's children and new wife were murdered by his old; Bellerophon killed the Chimera but was crippled by the fall from Pegasus' back."You can't." He was sitting up now, leaning forward."I can't.""I know. They never let you be famous AND happy." He lifted an eyebrow. "I'll tell you a secret.""Tell me." I loved it when he was like this."I'm going to be the first." He took my palm and held it to his. "Swear it.""Why me?""Because you're the reason. Swear it.""I swear it," I said, lost in the high color of his cheeks, the flame in his eyes."I swear it," he echoed.We sat like that a moment, hands touching. He grinned."I feel like I could eat the world raw.”
  


      “Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.”
  


      “If only we'd stop trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time.”
  

      “I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
  


      “I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.”
  


      “Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.”
  


      “The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal.”
  

      “Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure”
  

      “The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
  


      “This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”
  

      “The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.”
  

      “No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.”
  


      “Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”
  

      “I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow, than a man swear he loves me.”
  


      “If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.”
  


      “You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination.”
  

      “Why Not You?Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you?Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you?Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you?Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you?Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you?Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you?Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you?Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you?Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you?Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you?Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you?Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you?Today is a new day!Many will seize this day.Many will live it to the fullest.Why not you?”
  


      “Happiness. It was the place where passion, with all its dazzle and drumbeat, met something softer: homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort. It was all those things, intertwined with the heat and the thrill, and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star.”
  


      “My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.”
  


      “All who joy would winMust share it -- Happiness was born a twin.”
  


      “Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.”
  

      “Wait a second," Four says. I turn toward him, wondering which version of Four I'll see now-the one who scolds me, or the one who climbs Ferris wheels with me. He smiles a little, but the smile doesn't spread to his eyes, which look less tense and worried."You belong here, you know that?" he says. "You belong with us. It'll be over soon, so just hold on, okay?"He scratches behind his ear and looks away, like he's embarrassed by what he said. I stare at him. I feel my heartbeat everywhere, even in my toes. I feel like doing something bold, but I could just as easily walk away. I am not sure which option is smarter, or better. I am not sure that I care.I reach out and take his hand. His fingers slide between mine. I can't breathe. I stare up at him, and he stares down at me. For a long moment, we stay that way. Then I pull my hand away and run after Uriah and Lynn and Marlene. Maybe now he thinks I'm stupid, or strange. Maybe it was worth it.”
  


      “those who do not know how to see the precious things in life will never be happy.”
  


      “The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted. No one is careful of his feelings or tries to keep his spirits high. He seems self-sufficient; he becomes a cushion for others. And because happiness seems unforced, that person usually gets no credit.”
  


      “Happy girls are the prettiest”
  

      “It is a curious thing, but as one travels the world getting older and older, it appears that happiness is easier to get used to than despair. The second time you have a root beer float, for instance, your happiness at sipping the delicious concoction may not be quite as enormous as when you first had a root beer float, and the twelfth time your happiness may be still less enormous, until root beer floats begin to offer you very little happiness at all, because you have become used to the taste of vanilla ice cream and root beer mixed together. However, the second time you find a thumbtack in your root beer float, your despair is much greater than the first time, when you dismissed the thumbtack as a freak accident rather than part of the scheme of a soda jerk, a phrase which here means "ice cream shop employee who is trying to injure your tongue," and by the twelfth time you find a thumbtack, your despair is even greater still, until you can hardly utter the phrase "root beer float" without bursting into tears. It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
  


      “I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.”
  



      “Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”
  


      “We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.”
  

      “There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”
  


      “It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.”
  


      “You cannot be with someone just because you don’t want to hurt him. You have your own happiness to think about.”
  


      “It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded. It looks as if they were victims of a conspiracy; for the books they read, ideal by the necessity of selection, and the conversation of their elders, who look back upon the past through a rosy haze of forgetfulness, prepare them for an unreal life. They must discover for themselves that all they have read and all they have been told are lies, lies, lies; and each discovery is another nail driven into the body on the cross of life.”
  


      “Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.”
  

      “All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
  

      “There you go...let it all slide out. Unhappiness can't stick in a person's soul when it's slick with tears.”
  


      “Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.”
  


      “Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or tortuous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
  


      “It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don't know everything.”
  


      “You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.”
  

      “Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one.”
  

      “They've got no idea what happiness is, they don't know that without this love there is no happiness or unhappiness for us--there is no life.”
  


      “And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
  


      “Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
  


      “My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
  


      “It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
  


      “Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”
  


      “Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair...”
  

      “Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly is there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?”
  


      “We buy things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people we don't like.”
  


      “The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
  


      “Memory is the happiness of being alone.”
  


      “We're all golden sunflowers inside.”
  

      “Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
  


      “Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day. maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying. Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.”
  


      “Happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.”
  


      “I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.”
  



      “Many people think excitement is happiness.... But when you are excited you are not peaceful. True happiness is based on peace.”
  


      “I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes”
  

      “Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what I mean.”
  


      “Success is getting what you want..Happiness is wanting what you get.”
  

      “Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting some on yourself.”
  

      “Only the development of compassion and understanding for others can bring us the tranquility and happiness we all seek.”
  

      “Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.”
  


      “Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf.”
  


      “People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
  

      “You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestation of your own blessings.”
  

      “Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '. Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice.I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.”
  

      “The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.”
  

      “People tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will descend like fine weather if you're fortunate. But happiness is the result of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly.”
  

      “There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations.”
  


      “Money may not buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Jaguar than on a bus.”
  

      “Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.”
  

      “There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will. ”
  

      “But maybe happiness isn't in the choosing. Maybe it's in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
  


      “Later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy -- one of those uneventful times that seem at the moment only a link between past and future pleasure, but turn out to have been the pleasure itself.”
  


      “Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”
  


      “I don't understand the point of being together if you're not the happiest.”
  


      “One swallow does not make a summer,neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.”
  


      “Is anyone anywhere happy?”
  


      “If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.”
  


      “When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.”
  

      “But what was there to say?Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief.Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”
  


      “As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning.”
  


      “Singing in the rain. I'm singing in the rain. And it's such a fucking glorious feeling. An unexpected downpour and I am just giving myself into it. Because what the fuck else can you do? Run for cover? Shriek and curse? No--when the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it because if you can make yourself happy in the rain, then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
  


      “it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”
  

      “Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.”
  

      “It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. ”
  

      “I don't know what good it is to know so much and be smart as whips and all if it doesn't make you happy.”
  



      “Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections”
  

      “Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
  


      “Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.”
  

      “Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.”
  

      “Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.”
  


      “There is no beauty in sadness. No honor in suffering. No growth in fear. No relief in hate. It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness.”
  

      “My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime?”
  


      “If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while they’re happy.”
  

      “The foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of the world, because they are an inverted world...Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo.Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself.”
  


      “The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.”
  

      “The true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from failure.”
  

      “Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
  


      “These... things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world:Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world....Now, I tell you, these... things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long life...[Ittha Sutta, AN 5.43]”
  

      “To be stupid, and selfish, and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness - though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.”
  


      “What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.”
  

      “There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.”
  


      “[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.”
  


      “Because children grow up, we think a child's purpose is to grow up. But a child's purpose is to be a child. Nature doesn't disdain what lives only for a day. It pours the whole of itself into the each moment. We don't value the lily less for not being made of flint and built to last. Life's bounty is in its flow, later is too late. Where is the song when it's been sung? The dance when it's been danced? It's only we humans who want to own the future, too. We persuade ourselves that the universe is modestly employed in unfolding our destination. We note the haphazard chaos of history by the day, by the hour, but there is something wrong with the picture. Where is the unity, the meaning, of nature's highest creation? Surely those millions of little streams of accident and wilfulness have their correction in the vast underground river which, without a doubt, is carrying us to the place where we're expected! But there is no such place, that's why it's called utopia. The death of a child has no more meaning than the death of armies, of nations. Was the child happy while he lived? That is a proper question, the only question. If we can't arrange our own happiness, it's a conceit beyond vulgarity to arrange the happiness of those who come after us.”
  


      “Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.”
  

      “The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. (21)”
  


      “Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.”
  

      “Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.”
  

      “Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?”
  


      “You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in...”
  


      “I was an adventurer, but she was not an adventuress. She was a 'wanderess.' Thus, she didn’t care about money, only experiences - whether they came from wealth or from poverty, it was all the same to her.”
  


      “Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.”
  


      “The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.”
  

      “right in this moment, I can´t even remember what unhappy feels like.”
  



      “The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist; a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain.”
  


      “And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you.”
  


      “Happy. Just in my swim shorts, barefooted, wild-haired, in the red fire dark, singing, swigging wine, spitting, jumping, running—that's the way to live. All alone and free in the soft sands of the beach by the sigh of the sea out there, with the Ma-Wink fallopian virgin warm stars reflecting on the outer channel fluid belly waters. And if your cans are redhot and you can't hold them in your hands, just use good old railroad gloves, that's all.”
  


      “I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. I’m not talking about the short-term gratification of pleasures like sex, drugs or gambling (though I’m not knocking them), but something that will bring true and lasting happiness. The kind that sticks.”
  

      “We are not going to change the whole world, but we can change ourselves and feel free as birds. We can be serene even in the midst of calamities and, by our serenity, make others more tranquil. Serenity is contagious. If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back. And a smile costs nothing. We should plague everyone with joy. If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing? (136-137)”
  


      “Happiness only real when shared.”
  

      “When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
  

      “You, of all people, deserve a happy ending. Despite everything that happened to you, you aren't bitter. You aren't cold. You've just retreated a little and been shy, and that's okay. If I were a fairy godmother, I would give you your heart's desire in an istant. And I would wipe away your tears and tell you not to cry.-Rachel to Julia”
  


      “Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.”
  

      “You must be the best judge of your own happiness.”
  


      “Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
  


      “One is happy as a result of one's own efforts once one knows the necessary ingredients of happiness: simple tastes, a certain degree of courage, self denial to a point, love of work, and above all, a clear conscience.”
  

      “So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.”
  


      “Perfect love casts out fear. Where there is love there are no demands, no expectations, no dependency. I do not demand that you make me happy; my happiness does not lie in you. If you were to leave me, I will not feel sorry for myself; I enjoy your company immensely, but I do not cling.”
  


      “Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.”
  


      “There is a kind of happiness and wonder that makes you serious. It is too good to waste on jokes.”
  

      “Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.”
  


      “I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.”
  


      “إن السعادة هي أن أشرب كوب شاي.. مع صديق.. في لحظة رضا.”
  


      “I shall take the heart. For brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.”
  


      “Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me. Like always, the world around me stopped moving. No, the world became Adrian, only Adrian. Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever, full of that same passion and need I had never believed I’d feel. But today, there was even more to it. I no longer had any doubt about whether this was wrong or right. It was a culmination of a long journey . . . or maybe the beginning of one.I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I didn’t care that we were out in public. I didn’t care that he was Moroi. All that mattered was that he was Adrian, my Adrian. My match. My partner in crime, in the long battle I’d just signed on for to right the wrongs in the Alchemist and Moroi worlds. Maybe Marcus was right that I’d also signed myself up for disaster, but I didn’t care. In that moment, it seemed that as long as Adrian and I were together, there was no challenge too great for us.I don’t know how long we stood there kissing. Like I said, the world around me was gone. Time had stopped. I was awash in the feel of Adrian’s body against mine, in his scent, and in the taste of his lips. That was all that mattered right now.”
  


      “My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”
  

      “Happiness is the most natural thing in the world when you have it, and the slowest, strangest, most impossible thing when you don't. It's like learning a foreign language: You can think about the words all you want, but you'll never be able to speak it until you suck up your courage and say them out loud.”
  


      “Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
  


      “If you wish to be happy,Eragon, Think not of what is to come nor of that which you have no control over but rather of the now and that which you are able to change" ~Oromis to eragon ,Brisingr~618”
  

      “dear today, i spend all of you pretending i'm okay when i'm not, pretending i'm happy when i'm not, pretending about everything to everyone.”
  


      “To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.”
  


      “Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
  

      “You can't buy happiness”
  

      “She had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. And not a magical power, either--a purely human one.”
  



      “Happiness, you see, its just an illusion of Fate, a heavenly sleight of hand designed to make you believe in fairy tales. But there's no happily ever after. You'll only find happy endings in books. Some books.”
  

      “It is a happiness to wonder; -- it is a happiness to dream.”
  


      “Happiness comes from within. It is not dependent on external things or on other people. You become vulnerable and can be easily hurt when your feelings of security and happiness depend on the behavior and actions of other people. Never give your power to anyone else.”
  

      “I keep remembering one of my Guru's teachings about happiness. She says that people universally tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will maybe descend upon you like fine weather if you're fortunate enough. But that's not how happiness works. Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don't you will eat away your innate contentment. It's easy enough to pray when you're in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.”
  


      “A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.”
  


      “That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
  


      “Dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. How vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! Such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once.”
  


      “Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.”
  


      “Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
  


      “When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.”
  

      “I was something that lay under the sun and felt it, like the pumpkins, and I did not want to be anything more. I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
  


      “Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place, but there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.”
  


      “I may never be happy, but tonight I am content.”
  


      “That's the big picture, your happiness. And health. You should never care what a man thinks of you -- until he demonstrates to you that he cares about making you happy. If he isn't trying to make you happy, then send him back from "whence" he came because winning him over will have no benefit. At the end of the day, happines, joy...and yes...your emotional stability...those comprise the only measuring stick you really need to have.”
  


      “Adrian smiled and clasped my hands, taking a few steps toward me. "And as for who you are, you’re the same beautiful, brave, and ridiculously smart caffeinated fighter you’ve been since the day I met you.” Finally, he put “beautiful” at the top of his list of adjectives. Not that I should have cared.“Sweet talker,” I scoffed. “You didn’t know anything about me the first time we met.”“I knew you were beautiful,” he said. “I just hoped for the rest.”
  


      “You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds... and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars.''You're wrong! It's just life, that's all! It's just how life is. It's what we've got to put up with. It's all we've got. What gives you the right to decide it's not good enough?''You're in a prison, Evey. You were born in a prison. You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's a world outside. That's because you're afraid, Evey. You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in upon you. You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Don't back away from it, Evey. Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. You were in a cell, Evey. They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. You said you'd rather die. You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm and still. The door of the cage is open, Evey. All that you feel is the wind from outside.”
  


      “If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
  

      “Happiness and the absurd are two sons of the same earth. They are inseparable.”
  

      “There was a thing called Heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol."..."There was a thing called the soul and a thing called immortality."..."But they used to take morphia and cocaine."..."Two thousand pharmacologists and biochemists were subsidized in A.F. 178."..."Six years later it was being produced commercially. The perfect drug."..."Euphoric, narcotic, pleasantly hallucinant."..."All the advantages of Christianity and alcohol; none of their defects."..."Take a holiday from reality whenever you like, and come back without so much as a headache or a mythology."..."Stability was practically assured.”
  


      “It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify. It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be  dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is of a different opinion, it is only because they only know their own side of the question.”
  


      “You have everything you need for complete peace and total happiness right now.”
  

      “The capacity to be alone is the capacity to love. It may look paradoxical to you, but it's not. It is an existential truth: only those people who are capable of being alone are capable of love, of sharing, of going into the deepest core of another person--without possessing the other, without becoming dependent on the other, without reducing the other to a thing, and without becoming addicted to the other. They allow the other absolute freedom, because they know that if the other leaves, they will be as happy as they are now. Their happiness cannot be taken by the other, because it is not given by the other.”
  

      “Really high-minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other people's.”
  


      “I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.”
  

      “Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy.”
  

      “In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
  


      “How often since then has she wondered what might have happened if she'd tried to remain with him; if she’d returned Richard's kiss on the corner of Bleeker and McDougal, gone off somewhere (where?) with him, never bought the packet of incense or the alpaca coat with rose-shaped buttons. Couldn’t they have discovered something larger and stranger than what they've got. It is impossible not to imagine that other future, that rejected future, as taking place in Italy or France, among big sunny rooms and gardens; as being full of infidelities and great battles; as a vast and enduring romance laid over friendship so searing and profound it would accompany them to the grave and possibly even beyond. She could, she thinks, have entered another world. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself.Or then again maybe not, Clarissa tells herself. That's who I was. This is who I am--a decent woman with a good apartment, with a stable and affectionate marriage, giving a party. Venture too far for love, she tells herself, and you renounce citizenship in the country you've made for yourself. You end up just sailing from port to port.Still, there is this sense of missed opportunity. Maybe there is nothing, ever, that can equal the recollection of having been young together. Maybe it's as simple as that. Richard was the person Clarissa loved at her most optimistic moment. Richard had stood beside her at the pond's edge at dusk, wearing cut-off jeans and rubber sandals. Richard had called her Mrs. Dalloway, and they had kissed. His mouth had opened to hers; (exciting and utterly familiar, she'd never forget it) had worked its way shyly inside until she met its own. They'd kissed and walked around the pond together.It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and it's perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
  


      “The lesson will always repeat itself, unless you see yourself as the problem--not others.”
  

      “Three or four times only in my youth did I glimpse the Joyous Isles, before they were lost to fogs, depressions, cold fronts, ill winds, and contrary tides... I mistook them for adulthood. Assuming they were a fixed feature in my life's voyage, I neglected to record their latitude, their longitude, their approach. Young ruddy fool. What wouldn't I give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.”
  


      “Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.”
  

      “If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
  



      “Happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.”
  


      “That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.”
  


      “Exactly. How can you know it makes you happy if you’ve never experienced it?”“There are different kinds of happy,” she said. “Some kinds don’t need any proof.”
  


      “When it can be said by any country in the world, my poor are happy, neither ignorance nor distress is to be found among them, my jails are empty of prisoners, my streets of beggars, the aged are not in want, the taxes are not oppressive, the rational world is my friend because I am the friend of happiness. When these things can be said, then may that country boast its constitution and government. Independence is my happiness, the world is my country and my religion is to do good.”
  


      “Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.”
  

      “Sometimes we must undergo hardships, breakups, and narcissistic wounds, which shatter the flattering image that we had of ourselves, in order to discover two truths: that we are not who we thought we were; and that the loss of a cherished pleasure is not necessarily the loss of true happiness and well-being. (109)”
  


      “I do not think we have a "right" to happiness. If happiness happens, say thanks.”
  


      “He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.”
  

      “What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
  

      “The secret of happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible, horrible, horrible.”
  

      “Laughter is more than just a pleasurable activity...When people laugh together, they tend to talk and touch more and to make eye contact more frequently.”
  


      “As I focus on diligent joy, I also keep remembering a simple idea my friend Darcey told me once -- that all the sorrow and trouble of this world is caused by unhappy people. Not only in the big global Hitler-'n'-Stalin picture, but also on the smallest personal level. Even in my own life, I can see exactly where my episodes of unhappiness have brought suffering or distress or (at the very least) inconvenience to those around me. The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
  


      “Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of friends.”
  


      “With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. ”
  


      “We have to go. I'm almost happy here.”
  


      “I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.”
  

      “To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.”
  

      “That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another....”
  

      “Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.”
  


      “Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.”
  

      “The greatest heroes in life are those that never give up on someone. They stick it out and make it work. They sacrifice things in their life, in order to help others grow. They give up what they want because someone needs it more. They work hard and overcome adversity. They fail for a moment, but get back up on their feet to show others they don’t have to stay down. They show their loved ones that love is not “proved” by conformity. They teach others that having a voice is a sign of courage, and they will not stay silent to make people feel comfortable. They are fearless and will do whatever it takes to bring about the greatness in the ones they love because doing so brings them peace. Their name is---MOM.”
  

      “You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!”
  


      “Come clean with a child heartLaugh as peaches in the summer windLet rain on a house roof be a songLet the writing on your facebe a smell of apple orchards on late June.”
  


      “When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
  


      “A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”
  


      “Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”
  


      “Judgment is a negative frequency.”
  

      “Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”
  

      “Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You've wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he's ever held a truly personal desire, he'd find the answer. He'd see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He's not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander's delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can't say about a single thing: 'This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me'. Then he wonders why he's unhappy.”
  



      “Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within”
  

      “Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”
  

      “If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
  


      “I existed on my own terms. I was different my entire life. Some called me divergent, wild, crazy, unpredictable and unconformed—an apostate to the rules of the majority. I called myself God’s creation and found purpose in the madness. When that day came, I didn’t allow other people to dictate how I should feel or act. I learned there was no shame in imperfection because history had shown being different had the power to change perspectives and eventually the world. This is when I realized that flaws had responsibility. This was the day that I learned I was truly BLESSED.”
  

      “Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.”
  

      “...is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”
  


      “I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more...”
  


      “She had been proud of his decision to serve his country, her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues. ”
  


      “It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.”
  


      “Happiness is not a life without pain, but rather a life in which the pain is traded for a worthy price.”
  


      “Ink runs from the corners of my mouth.There is no happiness like mine.I have been eating poetry.”
  


      “Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
  


      “Anne was always glad in the happiness of her friends; but it is sometimes a little lonely to be surrounded everywhere by happiness that is not your own.”
  


      “Got no checkbooks, got no banks. Still I'd like to express my thanks - I've got the sun in the mornin' and the moon at night.”
  

      “As for you girls, you must risk everything for Freedom, and give everything for Passion, loving everything that your hearts and your bodies love. The only thing higher for a girl and more sacred for a young woman than her freedom and her passion should be her desire to make her life into poetry, surrendering everything she has to create a life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in her imagination.”
  

      “Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”
  

      “The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
  


      “Beauty is the purest feeling of the soul. Beauty arises when soul is satisfied.”
  


      “Why should we build our happiness on the opinons of others, when we can find it in our own hearts?”
  


      “Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.”
  


      “Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life in his arms but she never sung her song.”
  

      “Create all the happiness you are able to create; remove all the misery you are able to remove. Every day will allow you, --will invite you to add something to the pleasure of others, --or to diminish something of their pains.”
  

      “When you're unhappy, you get to pay a lot of attention to yourself. And you get to take yourself oh so very seriously. Your truly happy people, which is to say, your people who truly like themselves, they don't think about themselves very much. Your unhappy person resents it when you try to cheer him up, because that means he has to stop dwellin' on himself and start payin' attention to the universe. Unhappiness is the ultimate form of self-indulgence.”
  


      “The hardest thing about depression is that it is addictive. It begins to feel uncomfortable not to be depressed. You feel guilty for feeling happy.”
  

      “You see, there are some people that one loves, and others that perhaps one would rather be with.”
  


      “For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it?A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys.”
  


      “Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
  


      “Everybody has something, that one thing they must do to feel happy. I think this is yours, and I want you to be happy. You don’t have to do it, but it’s here if you choose to come back to it.”
  


      “Joy came always after pain.”
  

      “Happiness is like those palaces in fairytales whose gates are guarded by dragons: We must fight in order to conquer it.”
  

      “The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
  

      “A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.”
  

      “I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”
  

      “Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own.”
  



      “It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
  


      “I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
  


      “Laugh, and the world laughs with you;Weep, and you weep alone;For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,But has trouble enough of its own.”
  


      “The discovery of a new dish does more for the happiness of the human race than the discovery of a star.”
  


      “[I]t is well to have as many holds upon happiness as possible.”
  


      “The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”
  

      “Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.”
  


      “They say all marriages are made in heaven, but so are thunder and lightning.”
  

      “The big reason why folks leave a small town,' Rant used to say, 'is so they can moon over the idea of going back. And the reason they stay put is so they can moon about getting out.'Rant meant that no one is happy, anywhere.”
  


      “Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies.”
  


      “لا أعرف أحداً بين الناس يستطيع أن يرسم لي خطة سعادتي كما أرسمها لنفسي”
  


      “Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside.”
  

      “Mara, that's the life I want to give you. That's what I'm offering you. I want to fill you life with color and warmth. I want to fill it with light. Give me a chance”
  


      “The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy for yourself and yourself.”
  


      “I Hear the sledges with the bells - Silver bells! What a world of merriment their melody foretells! How they tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, In the icy air of night! While the stars that oversprinkle All the heavens, seem to twinkle With a crystalline delight; Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the tintinnabulation that so musically wells From the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - From the jingling and the tinkling of the bells. II Hear the mellow wedding bells - Golden bells! What a world of happiness their harmony foretells! Through the balmy air of night How they ring out their delight! - From the molten - golden notes, And all in tune, What a liquid ditty floats To the turtle - dove that listens, while she gloats On the moon! Oh, from out the sounding cells, What a gush of euphony voluminously wells! How it swells! How it dwells On the Future! - how it tells Of the rapture that impels To the swinging and the ringing Of the bells, bells, bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - To the rhyming and the chiming of the bells! III Hear the loud alarum bells - Brazen bells! What a tale of terror, now, their turbulency tells! In the startled ear of night How they scream out their affright! Too much horrified to speak, They can only shriek, shriek, Out of tune, In a clamorous appealing to the mercy of the fire, In a mad expostulation with the deaf and frantic fire, Leaping higher, higher, higher, With a desperate desire, And a resolute endeavor Now - now to sit, or never, By the side of the pale - faced moon. Oh, the bells, bells, bells! What a tale their terror tells Of Despair! How they clang, and clash and roar! What a horror they outpour On the bosom of the palpitating air! Yet the ear, it fully knows, By the twanging, And the clanging, How the danger ebbs and flows; Yet the ear distinctly tells, In the jangling, And the wrangling, How the danger sinks and swells, By the sinking or the swelling in the anger of the bells - Of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells - In the clamor and the clanging of the bells! IV Hear the tolling of the bells - Iron bells! What a world of solemn thought their monody compels! In the silence of the night, How we shiver with affright At the melancholy menace of their tone! For every sound that floats From the rust within their throats Is a groan. And the people - ah, the people - They that dwell up in the steeple, All alone, And who, tolling, tolling, tolling, In that muffled monotone, Feel a glory in so rolling On the human heart a stone - They are neither man nor woman - They are neither brute nor human - They are Ghouls: - And their king it is who tolls: - And he rolls, rolls, rolls, Rolls A paean from the bells! And his merry bosom swells With the paean of the bells! And he dances, and he yells; Keeping time, time, time, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the paean of the bells: - Of the bells: Keeping time, time, time In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the throbbing of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells: - To the sobbing of the bells: - Keeping time, time, time, As he knells, knells, knells, In a happy Runic rhyme, To the rolling of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells - To the tolling of the bells - Of the bells, bells, bells, bells, Bells, bells, bells, - To the moaning and the groaning of the bells. ”
  

      “Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear”
  

      “It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.”
  

      “Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)”
  

      “Paradise was always over there, a day’s sail away. But it’s a funny thing, escapism. You can go far and wide and you can keep moving on and on through places and years, but you never escape your own life. I, finally, knew where my life belonged. Home.”
  


      “For who would dare to assert that eternal happiness can compensate for a single moment's human suffering”
  


      “The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.”
  

      “Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.”
  

      “Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.”
  

      “Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films I should be making.”
  

      “Compassion is the signature of Higher Consciousness. Non-violence is the tool to evolve into the Higher Consciousness.”
  


      “The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
  

      “It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.”
  

      “In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.”
  

      “To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.”
  

      “Why? Why does what was beautiful suddenly shatter in hindsight because it concealed dark truths? Why does the memory of years of happy marriage turn to gall when our partner is revealed to have had a lover all those years? Because such a situation makes it impossible to be happy? But we were happy! Sometimes the memory of happiness cannot stay true because it ended unhappily. Because happiness is only real if it lasts forever? Because things always end painfully if they contained pain, conscious or unconscious, all along? But what is unconscious, unrecognized pain?”
  



      “I'll never wake up in a good mood again.I'm tired of these stinky boots”
  


      “Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”
  

      “Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.”
  

      “Cinderella was such a dork. She left behind her glass slipper at the ball and then went right back to her step-monster's house. It seems to me she should have worn the glass slipper always, to make herself easier to find. I always hoped that after the prince found Cinderella and they rode away in their magnificent carriage, after a few miles she turned to him and said, "Could you drop me off down the road please? Now that I've finally escaped my life of horrific abuse, I'd like to see something of the world, you know?... I'll catch back up with you later, Prince, once I've found my own way.”
  


      “If I had a shiny gun I could have a world of fun Speeding bullets through the brains Of the folks that cause me pains :)”
  

      “Happiness is good health and a bad memory.”
  

      “If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.”
  


      “Even in Siberia there is happiness.”
  

      “Laughter is a sunbeam of the soul.”
  


      “A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.”
  


      “The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”
  


      “I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THE POINT OF BEING SADWHEN I COULD CHOOSE TO BE HAPPY”
  


      “Whether our action is wholesome or unwholesome depends on whether that action or deed arises from a disciplined or undisciplined state of mind. It is felt that a disciplined mind leads to happiness and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering, and in fact it is said that bringing about discipline within one's mind is the essence of the Buddha's teaching.”
  


      “The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
  

      “Nothing can illustrate these observations more forcibly, than a recollection of the happy conjuncture of times and circumstances, under which our Republic assumed its rank among the Nations; The foundation of our Empire was not laid in the gloomy age of Ignorance and Superstition, but at an Epoch when the rights of mankind were better understood and more clearly defined, than at any former period, the researches of the human mind, after social happiness, have been carried to a great extent, the Treasures of knowledge, acquired by the labours of Philosophers, Sages and Legislatures, through a long succession of years, are laid open for our use, and their collected wisdom may be happily applied in the Establishment of our forms of Government; the free cultivation of Letters, the unbounded extension of Commerce, the progressive refinement of Manners, the growing liberality of sentiment... have had a meliorating influence on mankind and increased the blessings of Society. At this auspicious period, the United States came into existence as a Nation, and if their Citizens should not be completely free and happy, the fault will be entirely their own.[Circular to the States, 8 June 1783 - Writings 26:484--89]”
  


      “When she was a child, my love carried a road-map in her hand the way other girls carried handkerchiefs. She always knew the way. Her feet were little wings. And her beautiful head was a compass.”
  

      “I guess money can't buy happiness if you shop in the wrong places.”
  


      “When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.”
  

      “In the midst of happiness or despairin sorrow or in joyin pleasure or in pain:Do what is right and you will be at peace.”
  


      “Watch any plant or animal and let it teach you acceptance of what is, surrender to the Now.Let it teach you Being.Let it teach you integrity — which means to be one, to be yourself, to be real.Let it teach you how to live and how to die, and how not to make living and dying into a problem.”
  


      “Happiness is such a fragile thing, isn't it? So easily burst, like a bubble blown by a child, and always on the verge of being carried away.”
  


      “There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.”
  


      “Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?”
  


      “Even if it were possible to cast my horoscope in this one life, and to make an accurate prediction about my future, it would not be possible to 'show' it to me because as soon as I saw it my future would change by definition. This is why Werner Heisenberg's adaptation of the Hays Office—the so-called principle of uncertainty whereby the act of measuring something has the effect of altering the measurement—is of such importance. In my case the difference is often made by publicity. For example, and to boast of one of my few virtues, I used to derive pleasure from giving my time to bright young people who showed promise as writers and who asked for my help. Then some profile of me quoted someone who disclosed that I liked to do this. Then it became something widely said of me, whereupon it became almost impossible for me to go on doing it, because I started to receive far more requests than I could respond to, let alone satisfy. Perception modifies reality: when I abandoned the smoking habit of more than three decades I was given a supposedly helpful pill called Wellbutrin. But as soon as I discovered that this was the brand name for an antidepressant, I tossed the bottle away. There may be successful methods for overcoming the blues but for me they cannot include a capsule that says: 'Fool yourself into happiness, while pretending not to do so.' I should actually want my mind to be strong enough to circumvent such a trick.”
  


      “They'll say you are bador perhaps you are mador at least you should stay undercover.Your mind must be bareif you would dareto think you can love more than one lover.”
  

      “I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
  

      “I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”
  



      “Happiness doesn't lie in conspicuous consumption and the relentless amassing of useless crap. Happiness lies in the person sitting beside you and your ability to talk to them. Happiness is clear-headed human interaction and empathy. Happiness is home. And home is not a house-home is a mythological conceit. It is a state of mind. A place of communion and unconditional love. It is where, when you cross its threshold, you finally feel at peace.”
  

      “The true measure of a man is how he treats you when others are not looking.”
  

      “It’s funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.”
  


      “Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”
  

      “Recipe For Happiness Khaborovsk Or Anyplace'One grand boulevard with treeswith one grand cafe in sunwith strong black coffee in very small cups.One not necessarily very beautifulman or woman who loves you.One fine day.”
  

      “الفرح الوحشي والمرح العنيف والضحك المجلجل حالات لا تدل على السعادة ، إنها تشنجات البؤساء الذين يريدون أن يأكدوا لأنفسهم وللناس أنهم يفرحون، يفرحون بشدة.”
  


      “The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.”
  


      “When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
  


      “Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
  

      “Why not seize the pleasure at once? -- How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
  


      “The intention that man should be happy is not in the plan of Creation.”
  

      “It sometimes takes a state of solitude to bring to mind the real power of companionship.”
  

      “Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
  


      “Truly amazing, what people can get used to, as long as there are a few compensations.”
  


      “We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.”
  


      “Why not let people differ about their answers to the great mysteries of the Universe? Let each seek one's own way to the highest, to one's own sense of supreme loyalty in life, one's ideal of life. Let each philosophy, each world-view bring forth its truth and beauty to a larger perspective, that people may grow in vision, stature and dedication.”
  

      “Control of consciousness determines the quality of life.”
  


      “Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”
  

      “Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.”
  

      “Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.”
  


      “The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.”
  

      “A disciplined mind leads to happiness, and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering.”
  


      “Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.”
  

      “It’s not about working for money, it’s about having money work for you.”
  

      “I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.”
  

      “I remember watching it all and getting the tickling in my chest and thinking to myself: This is what happiness feels like.”
  


      “I don't want anyone to look to me, not for protection, not for happiness, not for love, not for anything.”
  


      “No one invites you to the top - you have to claw your way up. When you get there, you will sit with the others who were also uninvited - giggling. ”
  

      “...nothing wonderful lasted forever. Joy was as fleeting as a shooting star that crossed the evening sky, ready to blink out at any moment.”
  



      “Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”
  

      “If I had a camera," I said, "I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life." "I look exactly the same." "No, you don't. You're changing all the time. Every day a tiny bit. If I could, I'd keep a record of it all.""If you're so smart, how did I change today?""You got a fraction of a millimeter taller, for one thing. Your hair grew a fraction of a millimeter longer. And your breasts grew a fraction of a—" "They did not!" "Yes, they did.""Did NOT.""Did too." "What else, you big pig?""You got a little happier and also a little sadder.""Meaning they cancel out each other, leaving me exactly the same.""Not at all. The fact that you got a little happier today doesn't change the fact that you also become a little sadder. Every day you become a little more of both, which means that right now, at this exact moment, you're the happiest and the saddest you've ever been in your whole life.""How do you know?""Think about it. Have you ever been happier or sadder than right now, lying here in this grass?""I guess not. No.""And have you ever been sadder?""No.""It isn't like that for everyone, you know. Some people[...]" "What about you? Are you the happiest and saddest right now that you've ever been?""Of course I am.""Why?""Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you.”
  


      “For those who are poor in happiness, each time is a first time; happiness never becomes a habit.”
  


      “Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.”
  

      “I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.”
  

      “Happiness is a myth. It was invented to make us buy new things.”
  


      “I needed to stop being what everyone thought I was.”
  

      “Happiness is a state of activity.”
  

      “If everything really does get better, the way everyone claims, then happiness should be graphable. But that's crap, because better isn't quantifiable.”
  


      “Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.”
  

      “I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!”
  


      “I'm a happy person. If you want to be around me, you can either choose to be happy too, or follow the signs to the nearest exit!”
  

      “No one asked you to be happy. Get to work.”
  

      “[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.”
  


      “We'd just shared the last beer and slung the empty can out the window at a stop sign and were just waiting back to get the feel of the day, swimming in that kind of tasty drowsiness that comes over you after a day of going hard at something you enjoy doing -- half sunburned and half drunk and keeping awake only because you wanted to savor the taste as long as you could.”
  


      “We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”
  

      “Dear Human:You've got it all wrong.You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return.You came here to learn personal love.Universal love.Messy love.Sweaty Love.Crazy love.Broken love.Whole love.Infused with divinity.Lived through the grace of stumbling.Demonstrated through the beauty of... messing up.Often.You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are.You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous.And rising again into remembering.But unconditional love? Stop telling that story.Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives.It doesn't require modifiers.It doesn't require the condition of perfection.It only asks you to show up.And do your best.That you stay present and feel fully.That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU.Its enough.It's Plenty.”
  

      “In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.”
  


      “It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.”
  


      “But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin.''In fact,' said Mustapha Mond, 'you're claiming the right to be unhappy.' 'All right then,' said the Savage defiantly, 'I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.''Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind.' There was a long silence. 'I claim them all,' said the Savage at last.Mustapha Mond shrugged his shoulders. 'You're welcome," he said.”
  


      “Marriage becomes hard work once you have poured the entirety of your life’s expectations for happiness into the hands of one mere person. Keeping that going is hard work.”
  


      “Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.”
  

      “For the likes of you, the path to happiness is one mean son of a bitch of a path.”
  


      “Indeed there has never been any explanation of the ebb and flow in our veins--of happiness and unhappiness.”
  


      “An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...”
  


      “and our few good times will be rare because we have the critical senseand are not easy to fool with laughter”
  

      “Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
  


      “Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
  


      “Concentration attracts luck factor.”
  


      “Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
  



      “Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.”
  


      “Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.”
  


      “There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.”
  


      “I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”
  


      “Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
  

      “Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be happy," said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain this?”
  


      “No one can grant you happiness. Happiness is a choice we all have the power to make.”
  


      “When I die, don't come, I wouldn't want a leafto turn away from the sun -- it loves it there.There's nothing so spiritual about being happybut you can't miss a day of it, because it doesn't last.”
  

      “I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those around you.”
  

      “There is no greater power than that of a laugh and happiness is a force which can save a person from the horrors of the world.”
  


      “If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.”
  

      “It is essential to happiness that our way of living should spring from our own deep impulses and not from the accidental tastes and desires of those who happen to be our neighbors, or even our relations.”
  

      “I like living in my head because in there, everyone is kind and innocent. Once you start integrating yourself into the world, you realize that people are nasty, mean creatures. They're worse than zombies. People try to crush your soul and destroy your happiness, but zombies just want to have a little nibble of your brain.”
  


      “Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.”
  


      “Sometimes I think of you and I feel giddy. Memory makes me lightheaded, drunk on champagne. All the things we did. And if anyone has said this was the price I would have agreed to pay it. That surprises me; that with the hurt and the mess comes a shift of recognition. It was worth it. Love is worth it.”
  


      “I've learned .... That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.”
  

      “I want him to be happy. And I want you to be happy, too. Even if you can only find that happiness without me.”
  


      “If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
  


      “It seemed like this day could go in so many directions, like a spiderweb shooting out toward endless possibilities. Whenever you made a choice, especially one you'd been resisting, it always affected everything else, some in big ways, like a tremor beneath your feet, others in so tiny a shift you hardly noticed a change at all. But it was happening.”
  

      “A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government”
  

      “The secret of a happy life is respect. Respect for yourself and respect for others.”
  


      “How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.”
  

      “Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!”
  


      “Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
  


      “The dead don't desire revenge, but the happiness of the livng. To dirty your small hands would bring joy to no one.-Kenshin to Eiji”
  

      “Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.”
  


      “What would a narrative of happiness be like? All that can be described is what prepares it, and then what destroys it.”
  


      “No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.”
  

      “Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.”
  


      “The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
  



      “I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.”
  

      “Love is the energy of life.”
  

      “We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.”
  


      “The point of simple living, for me has got to be:A soft place to landA wide margin of errorRoom to breatheLots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day”
  

      “The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon.”
  


      “He was a wonderful man. And when a man is that special, you know it sooner than you think possible. You recognize it instinctively, and you're certain that no matter what happens, there will never be another one like him.”
  

      “After all the world is indeed beautiful and if we were any other creature than man we might be continuously happy in it.”
  


      “Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want--you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don't know. I've forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn't matter, so long as you move.”
  


      “We are all happy if we but knew it.”
  

      “Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But if there was one thing she'd learned in the past few weeks, it was that sometimes, when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.”
  

      “I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else.Brian Sibley: Or brains even?Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind.If you're kind that's it.”
  

      “Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.”
  


      “We are a noisy and blessed little family”
  


      “At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.”
  


      “Often, moreover, it is...that aspect of our being that society finds eccentric, ridiculous, or disagreeable, that holds our sweet waters, our secret well of happiness, the key to our equanimity in malevolent climes.”
  


      “What good is money if it can't buy happiness?”
  


      “You have to be willing to get happy about nothing.”
  

      “It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
  


      “Happy the man, and happy he alone,he who can call today his own:he who, secure within, can say,Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.Be fair or foul, or rain or shinethe joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine.Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power,but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.”
  

      “Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.”
  


      “Let today be the day you finally release yourself from the imprisonment of past grudges and anger. Simplify your life. Let go of the poisonous past and live the abundantly beautiful present... today.”
  


      “The First Splendid Truth: To be happy, I need to think about feeling good, feeling bad, and feeling right, in an atmosphere of growth.”
  


      “The pleasure of criticizing takes away from us the pleasure of being moved by some very fine things.”
  

      “The truly revolutionary promise of our nation's founding document is the freedom to pursue happiness-with-a-capital-H. ”
  


      “[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant side effect to a life lived well.”
  

      “...The world is full of happy people but no one ever hears of them. You have to fight and make a scandal to get in the papers. No one knows about all the happy people...”
  


      “If you write it down, you can make it happen.”
  

      “Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes”
  


      “Suffering is due to our disconnection with the inner soul. Meditation is establishing that connection.”
  


      “Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.”
  

      “The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another. Avarice over-rates the difference between poverty and riches: ambition, that between a private and a public station: vain-glory, that between obscurity and extensive reputation. The person under the influence of any of those extravagant passions, is not only miserable in his actual situation, but is often disposed to disturb the peace of society, in order to arrive at that which he so foolishly admires. The slightest observation, however, might satisfy him, that, in all the ordinary situations of human life, a well-disposed mind may be equally calm, equally cheerful, and equally contented. Some of those situations may, no doubt, deserve to be preferred to others: but none of them can deserve to be pursued with that passionate ardour which drives us to violate the rules either of prudence or of justice; or to corrupt the future tranquillity of our minds, either by shame from the remembrance of our own folly, or by remorse from the horror of our own injustice.”
  



      “Your success and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. But to be happy it is essential not to be too concerned with others. Consequently, there is no escape. Happy and judged, or absolved and wretched.”
  


      “Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
  


      “Can you be happy with the movies, and the ads, and the clothes in the stores, and the doctors, and the eyes as you walk down the street all telling you there is something wrong with you? No. You cannot be happy. Because, you poor darling baby, you believe them.”
  


      “Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.”
  

      “Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
  


      “Your success and happiness lie in you.”
  

      “Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”
  


      “Surely every one realizes, at some point along the way, that he is capable of living a far better life than the one he has chosen.”
  


      “Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”
  

      “I don't want to be the one who says life is beautiful. I want to be the one who feels it.”
  

      “Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
  


      “The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but you thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking.”
  


      “Maybe if we stopped trying to achieve movie standards of greatness, we'd be happy with what we have.”
  


      “Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers.”
  


      “I’ve come to think that flourishing consists of putting yourself in situations in which you lose self-consciousness and become fused with other people, experiences, or tasks. It happens sometimes when you are lost in a hard challenge, or when an artist or a craftsman becomes one with the brush or the tool. It happens sometimes while you’re playing sports, or listening to music or lost in a story, or to some people when they feel enveloped by God’s love. And it happens most when we connect with other people. I’ve come to think that happiness isn’t really produced by conscious accomplishments. Happiness is a measure of how thickly the unconscious parts of our minds are intertwined with other people and with activities. Happiness is determined by how much information and affection flows through us covertly every day and year.”
  

      “The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.”
  


      “Actually, I jade very quickly. Once is usually enough. Either once only, or every day. If you do something once it’s exciting, and if you do it every day it’s exciting. But if you do it, say, twice or just almost every day, it’s not good any more.”
  

      “I know a girl from whose body sunbeams rose to the clouds as if they’d fallen from the sun.Her laugh was like a bangle of bells. “Your hair is wet,” I told her one day, “Did you take a bath?” “It is dew!” she laughed, “I’ve been lying in the grass. All morning long, I lay here waiting for the dawn.”
  

      “I think we go well together. I like being with you because I'm never bored. Even when we're not talking, even when we're not touching, even when we're not in the same room, I'm not bored. I'm never bored. I think it's because I have confidence in you, in your thoughts. Do you understand? I love everything I see in you, and everything I don't see. I know your faults, but as it turns out, I feel as though your faults go well with my qualities. We're not afraid of the same things. Even our inner demons go well together! You, you're worth more than you show...”
  


      “when he smiles it's as if you'd just told him the first joke on earth.”
  


      “Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and celebrate the life.”
  


      “Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive everyone, including yourself.”
  

      “She avoids deep thought like an empty restaurant, not out of stupidity, but a canny resolve to be happy.”
  


      “When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”
  

      “I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.”
  


      “Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.”
  

      “I Love Loving YouYou are my favorite song; a rhythm of beauty that captures my spirit.You are my favorite poem; an exquisite grouping of ideas set in motion with an unmatched enchanting elegance. You are my best friend; from our laughter to our deep conversations, our moments together are a timeless pleasure.You are my soul mate; a connection so pure, so powerful, that it can only be considered divine. You are my lover; a passionate entwinement, a chorus of ecstasy, and a feeling of complete unity that words could never adequately describe.You are my angel; you remind me of the goodness in this world and inspire me to be the greatest version of myself.You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging. You are my love ~ mi amor; there are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express my love for you.I love loving you.”
  


      “God wanted to make heaven and the earth is that heaven. Nowhere in the universe there is so much love, life, beauty and peace. Enjoy your stay with the fellow beings.”
  


      “There were two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations”
  



      “Leave behind the passive dreaming of a rose-tinted future. The energy of happiness exists in living today with roots sunk firmly in reality's soil.”
  

      “When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he sighed.The Enemy of Old fucking sighed.Dear gods, it’d finally happened to him.Happiness.Then his own fangs sharpened.I will kill anyone who tries to take this feeling away from me.”
  


      “When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
  


      “HappinessSo early it's still almost dark out.I'm near the window with coffee,and the usual early morning stuffthat passes for thought.When I see the boy and his friendwalking up the roadto deliver the newspaper.They wear caps and sweaters,and one boy has a bag over his shoulder.They are so happythey aren't saying anything, these boys.I think if they could, they would takeeach other's arm.It's early in the morning,and they are doing this thing together.They come on, slowly.The sky is taking on light,though the moon still hangs pale over the water.Such beauty that for a minutedeath and ambition, even love,doesn't enter into this.Happiness. It comes onunexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,any early morning talk about it.”
  

      “Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.”
  


      “Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.”
  

      “To be happy--one must find one's bliss”
  

      “De pronto tuve conciencia de que ese momento, de que esa rebanada de cotidianidad, era el grado máximo de bienestar, era la Dicha. Nunca había sido tan plenamente feliz como en ese momento, pero tenía la hiriente sensación de que nunca más volvería a serlo, por lo menos en ese grado, con esa intensidad”
  


      “It will hurt." said Petra. "But let's make the most of what we have, and not let future pain ruin present happiness.”
  


      “If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”
  

      “All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.”
  

      “What is more cheerful, now, in the fall of the year, than an open-wood-fire? Do you hear those little chirps and twitters coming out of that piece of apple-wood? Those are the ghosts of the robins and blue-birds that sang upon the bough when it was in blossom last Spring. In Summer whole flocks of them come fluttering about the fruit-trees under the window: so I have singing birds all the year round.”
  

      “Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy”
  

      “Be happy for no reason, like a child. If you are happy for a reason, you’re in trouble, because that reason can be taken from you.”
  

      “A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”
  


      “It was the general opinion of ancient nations, that the divinity alone was adequate to the important office of giving laws to men... and modern nations, in the consecrations of kings, and in several superstitious chimeras of divine rights in princes and nobles, are nearly unanimous in preserving remnants of it... Is the jealousy of power, and the envy of superiority, so strong in all men, that no considerations of public or private utility are sufficient to engage their submission to rules for their own happiness? Or is the disposition to imposture so prevalent in men of experience, that their private views of ambition and avarice can be accomplished only by artifice? — … There is nothing in which mankind have been more unanimous; yet nothing can be inferred from it more than this, that the multitude have always been credulous, and the few artful. The United States of America have exhibited, perhaps, the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature: and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice, imposture, hypocrisy, and superstition, they will consider this event as an era in their history. Although the detail of the formation of the American governments is at present little known or regarded either in Europe or America, it may hereafter become an object of curiosity. It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had any interviews with the gods, or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven, any more than those at work upon ships or houses, or labouring in merchandize or agriculture: it will for ever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses. As Copley painted Chatham, West, Wolf, and Trumbull, Warren and Montgomery; as Dwight, Barlow, Trumbull, and Humphries composed their verse, and Belknap and Ramzay history; as Godfrey invented his quadrant, and Rittenhouse his planetarium; as Boylston practised inoculation, and  electricity; as  exposed the mistakes of Raynal, and  those of , so unphilosophically borrowed from the Recherches Philosophiques sur les Américains those despicable dreams of de Pauw — neither the people, nor their conventions, committees, or sub-committees, considered legislation in any other light than ordinary arts and sciences, only as of more importance. Called without expectation, and compelled without previous inclination, though undoubtedly at the best period of time both for England and America, to erect suddenly new systems of laws for their future government, they adopted the method of a wise architect, in erecting a new palace for the residence of his sovereign. They determined to consult Vitruvius, Palladio, and all other writers of reputation in the art; to examine the most celebrated buildings, whether they remain entire or in ruins; compare these with the principles of writers; and enquire how far both the theories and models were founded in nature, or created by fancy: and, when this should be done, as far as their circumstances would allow, to adopt the advantages, and reject the inconveniences, of all. Unembarrassed by attachments to noble families, hereditary lines and successions, or any considerations of royal blood, even the pious mystery of holy oil had no more influence than that other of holy water: the people universally were too enlightened to be imposed on by artifice; and their leaders, or more properly followers, were men of too much honour to attempt it. Thirteen governments thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone, without a pretence of miracle or mystery, which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe, are a great point gained in favour of the rights of mankind.[Preface to 'A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States of America', 1787]”
  


      “You are an ocean in a drop of dew,all the universes in a thin sack of blood.What are these pleasures then,these joys, these worldsthat you keep reaching for,hoping they will make you more alive?”
  

      “An ordinary man can surround himself with two thousand books and thenceforward have at least one place in the world in which it is always possible to be happy.”
  

      “I was happy anywhere I could see the ocean.”
  


      “You don't have to be part of a couple to be happy, you know.”
  


      “I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air. or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
  


      “A piece of happiness should never be taken as due.”
  


      “God favors men and women who delight in being made worthy of happiness before the happiness itself.”
  


      “To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
  


      “When you know love then that is the time you forget hate.”
  

      “A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just arrived, flown in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere on board.Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing on a beach on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away where, he claimed, he had been happy for over half an hour now and had found a small stone that would be his friend.”
  


      “Clearly the secret of happiness...is a variation on the general principle of banging your head against a wall, and then stopping.”
  


      “One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”
  


      “Science of happiness lies in our understanding. The secrets of happiness lie in our capacity to expand our heart.”
  


      “The secret of happiness is not doing what we like but in liking what we do.”
  

      “God is the highest good of the reasonable creature. The enjoyment of him is our proper; and is the only happiness with which our souls can be satisfied. To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here. Better than fathers and mothers, husbands, wives, or children, or the company of any, or all earthly friends. These are but shadows; but the enjoyment of God is the substance. These are but scattered beams; but God is the sun. These are but streams; but God is the fountain. These are but drops, but God is the ocean.”
  



      “Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either extreme egotism, selfishness, evil -- or else an absolute ignorance.”
  


      “I still believe that peace and plenty and happiness can be worked out some way. I am a fool.”
  

      “I think by the time you're grown you're as happy as you're goin to be. You'll have good times and bad times, but in the end you'll be about as happy as you was before. Or as unhappy. I've knowed people that just never did get the hang of it.”
  


      “Are you happy?”
  


      “Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.”
  

      “Remember laughing? Laughter enhances the blood flow to the body’s extremities and improves cardiovascular function. Laughter releases endorphins and other natural mood elevating and pain-killing chemicals, improves the transfer of oxygen and nutrients to internal organs. Laughter boosts the immune system and helps the body fight off disease, cancer cells as well as viral, bacterial and other infections. Being happy is the best cure of all diseases!”
  

      “Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.”
  


      “A grateful mindset can set you free from the prison of disempowerment and the shackles of misery.”
  


      “The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. The cure for it is occupation, because occupation means pre-occupation; and the pre-occupied person is neither happy nor unhappy, but simply alive and active. That is why it is necessary to happiness that one should be tired.”
  


      “To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,One clover, and a bee,And revery.The revery alone will do,If bees are few.”
  


      “Cheer up and dry your damp eyes,And tell me when it rains,And I'll blend up that rainbow above you & shoot it through your veins...'Cause your heart has a lack of color,And we should've known That we'd grow up sooner or later,'Cause we wasted all our free time alone. <3”
  

      “It is my observations, though, that happiness limits the amount of suffering one is willing to inflict upon others”
  


      “How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.”
  

      “The Anatomy of Conflict:If there is no communication then there is no respect. If there is no respect then there is no caring. If there is no caring then there is no understanding. If there is no understanding then there is no compassion. If there is no compassion then there is no empathy. If there is no empathy then there is no forgiveness. If there is no forgiveness then there is no kindness. If there is no kindness then there is no honesty. If there is no honesty then there is no love. If there is no love then God doesn't reside there. If God doesn't reside there then there is no peace. If there is no peace then there is no happiness. If there is no happiness ----then there IS CONFLICT BECAUSE THERE IS NO COMMUNICATION!”
  

      “The pretty ones are usually unhappy. They expect everyone to be enamored of their beauty. How can a person be content when their happiness lies in someone else's hands, ready to be crushed at any moment? Ordinary-looking people are far superior, because they are forced to actually work hard to achieve their goals, instead of expecting people to fall all over themselves to help them.”
  


      “Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.”
  


      “Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what”
  

      “You must remember this feeling, Jon.The feeling of being happy. It doesn't happen often but when it does, you must grab it with both hands and hold it close. Let it overwhelm you. Don'tover analyse any emotion. But remember it. Always remember it.”
  


      “The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.”
  


      “We can't be so desperate for love that we forget where we can always find it; within.”
  

      “I believe there is a kind of happiness to be found in every thing in life, in all that is good and pleasing, as well as in that which is sad or poignant.”
  


      “In pursuit of happiness, smart people often end up dumbing down themselves.”
  

      “She laughed. 'It won't last. Nothing lasts. But I'm happy now.''Happy,' I muttered, trying to pin the word down. But it is one of those words, like Love, that I have never quite understood. Most people who deal in words don't have much faith in them and I am no exception--especially the big ones like Happy and Love and Honest and Strong. They are too elusive and far too relative when you compare them to sharp, mean little words like Punk and Cheap and Phony. I feel at home with these, because they're scrawny and easy to pin, but the big ones are tough and it takes either a priest or a fool to use them with any confidence.”
  


      “But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected."I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne”
  


      “I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
  


      “People with a grudge against the world are always dangerous. They seem to think life owes them something. I've known many an invalid who has suffered worse and been cut off from life much more . . . and they've managed to lead happy contented lives. It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
  


      “Suffering just means you’re having a bad dream. Happiness means you’re having a good dream. Enlightenment means getting out of the dream altogether.”
  

      “BEWARE OF THOSEBeware of those who are bitter,For they will never allow youTo enjoy your fruit.Beware of those who criticize youWhen you deserve some praise for an achievement,For they secretly desire to be worshiped.Beware of those who are needy or stingy,For they would rather sting youThan give you anything.Beware of those who are always hungry,For they will feed you to the wolvesJust to get paid.Beware of those who speak negativelyAbout everything and everybody, For a negative person will never sayA positive thing about you.Beware of those who are boredAnd not passionate about life,For they will bore you with reasons For not living.Beware of those who are too focused withPolishing and beautifying their outer shells,For they lack true substance to understandThat genuine beauty is in the heartThat resides inside.Beware of those who step in the path of your dreams,For they only dream to have the abilityTo take half your steps.Beware of those who steer you awayFrom your heart’s true happiness,For it would make them happy to see youSteer yourself next to them,Sitting with both your hearts bitter.Those who are critical don’t like being criticized,And those who are insensitive have a deficiency in their senses.And finally,Beware of those who tell you to BEWARE.They are too aware of everything –And live alone, scared.Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
  


      “The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.”
  



      “The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
  

      “Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.”
  

      “Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.”
  

      “Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”
  

      “Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.”
  

      “Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.”
  


      “At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.”
  


      “We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle;some connected for mere seconds, some connected for life,some connected through knowledge, some through belief,some connected through wisdom, some through Love, and some connected with no explanation at all. Yet, as spiritual beings having a human experience, we're all here for the sensations this reality or illusion has to offer. The best anyone can hope for is the right to be able to Live, Learn, Love then Leave. After that, reap the benefits of their own chosen existence in the hereafter by virtue of simply believing in what they believe. As for here, it took me a while but this progression helped me with my life: "I like myself. I Love myself. I am myself.”
  

      “one of the best and the most painful things about time traveling has been the opportunity to see my mother alive.”
  


      “It sounded old. Deserve. Old and tired and beaten to death. Deserve. Now it seemed to him that he was always saying or thinking that he didn't deserve some bad luck, or some bad treatment from others. He'd told Guitar that he didn't "deserve" his family's dependence, hatred, or whatever. That he didn't even "deserve" to hear all the misery and mutual accusations his parents unloaded on him. Nor did he "deserve" Hagar's vengeance. But why shouldn't his parents tell him their personal problems? If not him, then who? And if a stranger could try to kill him, surely Hagar, who knew him and whom he'd thrown away like a wad of chewing gum after the flavor was gone––she had a right to try to kill him too.Apparently he though he deserved only to be loved--from a distance, though--and given what he wanted. And in return he would be...what? Pleasant? Generous? Maybe all he was really saying was: I am not responsible for your pain; share your happiness with me but not your unhappiness.”
  


      “كنت كلما رأيتها في لباسها الفلسطيني المليء بالمزركشات والموتيفات الحية والنوار، اعترتني رغبة في أخذ الفرشاة بجنون وتغميسها في لباسها ورسم أشكال مجنونة من ألوان فستانها”
  


      “Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained. Follow some other object, and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it.”
  

      “The value of a moment is immeasurable. The power of just ONE moment can propel you to success and happiness or chain you to failure and misery.”
  


      “She felt an enveloping happiness to be alive, a joy made stronger by the certainty that someday it would all come to an end. Afterward she felt a little foolish, and never spoke to anyone about it. Now, however, she knows she wasn't being foolish. She realizes that for no particular reason she stumbled into the core of what it is to be human. It's a rare gift to under stand that you life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever. ”
  


      “I earnestly wish to point out in what true dignity and human happiness consists. I wish to persuade women to endeavor to acquire strength, both of mind and body, and to convince them that the soft phrases, susceptibility of heart, delicacy of sentiment, and refinement of taste, are almost synonymous with epithets of weakness, and that those beings are only the objects of pity, and that kind of love which has been termed its sister, will soon become objects of contempt.”
  


      “The crowning fortune of a man is to be born to some pursuit which finds him employment and happiness, whether it be to make baskets, or broadswords, or canals, or statues, or songs.”
  

      “Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.”
  


      “Work harder to appreciate your ordinary day.”
  

      “Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”
  

      “Suffering teaches joy.”
  

      “Sometimes we assume that the new person in our life is better for us because they are totally different from the last person we dated. Only later do we see that we have chosen a different version of the same thing and they both leave us unsatisfied.”
  


      “Love, I thought to myself abstractedly. Not 'This is love' or 'Is this love?' Not a sentence, not a certainty, not a thought with moving parts or direction. Just love, all of it, as it is. Whether it's enough or not. Wthether it's real or we're making it up. However shoddy it gets, or bent out of shape. It's still extraordinary. However foolish, however vain. However badly it ends. Love.”
  


      “Here at last is her smile: burn it into your memory; you won't see it often.”
  


      “Happiness is the best revenge”
  


      “Maybe this is a characteristic of happy people. An ability to be entertained by the world.”
  


      “It's all about the smiles!”
  

      “The decision is mine, and I choose happiness”
  

      “She still cared for me, and the best way I could make amends to her was to be happy.I do have a knack for finding great women.”
  


      “Remember, someone, somewhere in some corner of this somewhat big world, is out there crying if you’re unhappy and is happy if you are! And you know who that someone is!”
  

      “If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
  



      “Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel”
  

      “I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
  

      “Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.”
  


      “I’d rather be miserable loving you than happy with anyone else.”
  


      “Deep within everyone's heart there always remains a sense of longing for that hour, that summer, that one brief moment of blossoming. For several weeks or months, rarely longer, a beautiful young woman lives outside ordinary life. She is intoxicated. She feels as if she exists beyond time, beyond its laws; she experiences not the monotonous succession of days passing by, but moments of intense, almost desperate happinness.”
  

      “The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or joy.”
  


      “If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.”
  

      “True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.”
  


      “My request today is simple. Today. Tomorrow. Next week. Find somebody, anybody, that’s different than you. Somebody that has made you feel ill-will or even hateful. Somebody whose life decisions have made you uncomfortable. Somebody who practices a different religion than you do. Somebody who has been lost to addiction. Somebody with a criminal past. Somebody who dresses “below” you. Somebody with disabilities. Somebody who lives an alternative lifestyle. Somebody without a home.Somebody that you, until now, would always avoid, always look down on, and always be disgusted by.Reach your arm out and put it around them.And then, tell them they’re all right. Tell them they have a friend. Tell them you love them.If you or I wanna make a change in this world, that’s where we’re gonna be able to do it. That’s where we’ll start.Every. Single. Time.”
  


      “Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.”
  

      “To like many people spontaneously and without effort is perhaps the greatest of all sources of personal happiness.”
  

      “I believe that being happy is the only important thing. Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or torturous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
  

      “Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.”
  

      “and we laugh and laugh andall I know isat this moment I feel likeI can do anything I wantand be anyone I wantand go anywhere on the globeand still call it home”
  


      “Most people think, when they're young, that they're going to the top of their chosen world, and that the climb up is only a formality. Without that faith, I suppose, they might never start. Somewhere on the way they lift their eyes to the summit and know they aren't going to reach it; and happiness then is looking down and enjoying the view they've got, not envying the one they haven't.”
  


      “I do want more. I am not content with being happy. I was not made for it. It is not my destiny. My destiny is the opposite.”
  


      “We have everything we need to be happy, but we aren't happy. Something's missing.”
  

      “Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
  


      “Happiness comes from righteous living and the development of a noble character. You can observe this by noticing that people who are truly happy are honest, unselfish, kind, responsible and have a high moral standards. On the other hand, unhappy people are invariably selfish, lazy, irresponsible and lacking of self discipline. And people who are miserable tend to be immoral, dishonest, greedy, cruel, or in other ways dark in character. ”
  

      “Happily Single" is recognizing that you don’t need or want to be rescued from your life by a handsome prince because your life is pretty awesome, as is.”
  


      “Happiness is what you choose, what you follow, not what follows you. These are the things I have seen, these are the things I now know, these are the things I will carry with me as I go.”
  

      “my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.”
  

      “When you win and the other fellow loses, what do you see? A losing face. There is great joy in losing and making the other person win and have a happy face. Who will be the happiest person? The one who brings happiness to others.”
  

      “JOY goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide.”
  

      “You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then ... ”
  


      “We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”
  


      “You don’t have to be happy to smile.”
  

      “Taking a risk to survive isn’t that impressive. Taking a risk to be happy, that takes guts.”
  


      “The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. We have almost lost hold; we can no longer describe a happy man, nor make any celebration of joy.”
  


      “A woman laughing is a woman conquered.”
  



      “Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
  


      “He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.”
  

      “I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our disposition and not on our circumstances.”
  

      “You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
  

      “And for a moment―for a split second―everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.”
  


      “He went to the church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and for, and patted the children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of homes, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure. He had never dreamed of any walk, that anything, could give him so much happiness. (p. 119)”
  


      “Last weekend a young man asked me how I remain so positive. “It seems all the negativity in the world doesn’t affect you,” he said. I had no more than a minute with the young man so I offered this: It’s all about where you choose to put your attention, and I choose to be happy.”
  

      “Because I was more often happy for other people, I got to spend more time being happy. And as I saw more light in everybody else, I seemed to have more myself. (250)”
  


      “The devil's happy when the critics run you off.”
  


      “May those who follow their fate be granted happiness; may those who defy it be granted glory”
  


      “The happiness you feel is in direct proportion to the love you give.”
  

      “Sometimes when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living on someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up and our hearts break into two.”
  


      “You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
  


      “Perhaps some people really are born unhappy. I surely hope not. Speaking for my sister and myself: We were born with the capacity and determination to be utterly happy all the time. Perhaps even in this we were freaks. Hi ho.”
  


      “Sometimes it just feels really really wonderful to be alive.”
  

      “We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one”
  

      “Happiness must be grown in one's own garden. ”
  

      “A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.”
  


      “We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who haven't taken the risk to be happy. And I don't want to be one of those”
  


      “Today is Your Day to Dance Lightly with Life. It Really Is.”
  

      “Erase from your vocabulary the word “someday.” Do not save things for “special occasions.” Take into account the fact that every day is special. Every day is a gift that we must appreciate and be thankful for. Wear your attractive clothes, wear your nice perfume, use your fine silverware and dishes, and drink from your expensive crystal glasses … just because. Live every day to the fullest and savor every minute of it.”
  


      “You will be your best self when you take time to understand what you really need, feel and want.”
  


      “Max." Fang let go of my hand. "Right now, it's really all about—us." He swooped down to the right in a big semicircle, ending facing me. Slowly we climbed upward, until we were almost vertical, flying straight up to the sun. While carefully synchronizing our wings—they almost touched—Fang leaned in, gently put one hand behind my neck, and kissed me. It was just about as close to heaven as I'll ever get, I guess. I closed my eyes, lost in the feeling of flying and kissing and being with the one person in the world I completely,utterly trusted. When we finally broke apart, we looked down at the others, who were way far below us now. Angel was shading her eyes, looking up at us with a big smile. She was sitting on a dolphin's back, and I hoped soon someone would explain to the dolphin that he shouldn't let Angel take advantage of his good nature. Still looking up at us, Angel gave us a big thumbs-up. "She approves," Fang said with a hint of amusement."Jeez," I wondered aloud. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
  


      “Pure joy is rare. That’s why for every meal I eat a really bloody steak.”
  


      “The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.”
  

      “People who say that money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop.”
  

      “Well,’ you may ask, ‘how may I know when I am in love?’. . . George Q. Morris [who later became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, gave this reply]: ‘My mother once said that if you meet a girl in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, who inspires you to do your best, and to make the most of yourself, such a young woman is worthy of your love and is awakening love in your heart.”
  

      “To live long and achieve happiness, cultivate the art of radiating happiness.”
  

      “When we fulfill our function, which is to truly love ourselves and share love with others, then true happiness sets in.”
  


      “The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.”
  

      “Friendship is thinking of the other person first.”
  

      “Many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger, and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they look for a place to dump it. And if you let them, they’ll dump it on you. So when someone wants to dump on you, don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well, and move on. Believe me. You’ll be happier.”
  



      “I would cling to unhappiness because it was a known, familiar state. When I was happier, it was because I knew I was on my way back to misery. I've never been convinced that happiness is the object of the game. I'm wary of happiness.”
  

      “Happiness consists not of having, but of being; not of possessing, but of enjoying. It is a warm glow of the heart at peace with itself. A martyr at the stake may have happiness that a king on his throne might envy. Man is the creator of his own happiness. It is the aroma of life, lived in harmony with high ideals. For what a man has he may be dependent upon others; what he is rests with him alone.”
  


      “Happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.”
  


      “Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead”
  


      “Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
  


      “Who’s happy? Happy is just what people think they are when they can’t find anything to bitch about.”
  


      “I sit quietly and think about my mom. It's funny how memory erodes, If all I had to work from were my childhood memories, my knowledge of my mother would be faded and soft, with a few sharp memories standing out.”
  


      “To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world.”
  

      “When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. ”
  

      “Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
  


      “You can be right or you can be happy.”
  


      “They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world and them and that the world was not only their oyster it was also their linguine with clam sauce. Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs. ”
  


      “Make the most of every moment. Get excited about every little thing. Why not? Why not have your wonderful moment of excited anticipation? Why not be happy NOW? This is my greatest challenge, but something I'm pouring my heart into: learning how to enjoy what I have, right here, right now. Every moment is precious and although sometimes I struggle to see it, I see it more and more every day.”
  


      “When we give freely, we feel full and complete; when we withhold, we feel small, petty, impotent, and lacking. We are meant to learn this great truth, that giving fulfills us, while withholding and trying to get causes us to feel empty and even more needy. This truth runs counter to our programming, which drives us to try to get something from others to fulfill our neediness, only to end up even more needy, grasping, lacking, and unfulfilled.”
  


      “People, he thought, were as hungry for a sight of joy as he had always been--for a moment's relief from that gray load of suffering which seemed so inexplicable and unnecessary. He had never been able to understand why men should be unhappy.”
  


      “The advance of regret can be so gradual that it is impossible to say "yesterday I was happy, today I am not.”
  


      “I had always been taught that the pursuit of happiness was my natural (even national) birthright. It is the emotional trademark of my culture to seek happiness. Not just any kind of happiness, either, but profound happiness, even soaring happiness. And what could possibly bring a person more soaring happiness than romantic love.”
  


      “Happiness doesn't have to be chased...it merely has to be chosen.”
  


      “The happiness of love is in action; its test is what one is willing to do for others.”
  


      “It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and its perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
  

      “A dim vastness is spread before our souls; the perceptions of our mind are as obscure as those of our vision... But alas! when we have attained our object, when the distant 'there' becomes the present 'here,' all is changed; we are as poor and circumscribed as ever, and our souls still languish for unattainable happiness.”
  


      “Lord, make me nowAs happy as the field.With flowers enriched...”
  

      “If you are a dreamer, come in,If you are a dreamer, a wisher, a liar,A hope-er, a pray-er, a magic bean buyer...If you're a pretender, come sit by my fireFor we have some flax-golden tales to spin. Come in!Come in!”
  

      “Well, I am happy, and I won't fret, but it does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants…”
  


      “Yes, faith; it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and say 'Father, as it please me.”
  


      “Happiness, it has been observed, is best achieved by those who have been most unhappy heretofore.”
  


      “السعادة شيء ينبع من داخل الإنسان ولا يستورد من خارجه، وإذا كانت السعادة شجرة منبتها النفس البشرية والقلب الإنساني، فإن الإيمان بالله والدار الآخرة هو ماؤها.. وغذائها.. وهوائها.. وضياؤها”
  

      “Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”
  



      “That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
  


      “You and your purpose in life are the same thing. Your purpose is to be you.”
  

      “...because if you can make yourself happy in the rain then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
  


      “A flower blossoms for its own joy.”
  

      “Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
  

      “...the face has limited space. My mother used to say, if you fill your face with laughing, there will be no more room for crying.”
  


      “Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.”
  


      “Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”
  


      “After all, is not a real Hell better than a manufactured Heaven?”
  


      “The only horrible thing in the world is ennui.”
  


      “People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.”
  


      “Justice is the only worship.Love is the only priest.Ignorance is the only slavery.Happiness is the only good.The time to be happy is now,The place to be happy is here,The way to be happy is to make others so.Wisdom is the science of happiness.”
  

      “The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.”
  


      “There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
  


      “The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.”
  

      “Our life is like a land journey, too even and easy and dull over long distances across the plains, too hard and painful up the steep grades; but, on the summits of the mountain, you have a magnificent view--and feel exalted--and your eyes are full of happy tears--and you want to sing--and wish you had wings! And then--you can't stay there, but must continue your journey--you begin climbing down the other side, so busy with your footholds that your summit experience is forgotten.”
  


      “Berhentilah mencari laki-laki untuk membuatmu baagia.Mulailah menjadi perempuan bahagia yang dicari laki-laki.”
  


      “Stop wasting your time looking for the key to happiness… the door is open and unlocked… just walk through it.”
  


      “Where happiness was not a possibility, the illusion of it was always more important.”
  


      “We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory.”
  


      “Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.”
  


      “Sometimes pain is so unmanageable that the idea of spending another day with it seems impossible. Other times pain acts as a compass to help you get through the messier tunnels of growing up. But the pain can only help you find happiness if you can remember it.”
  


      “I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.”
  


      “Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you are worth the effort.”
  

      “Helping others is the secret sauce to a happy life.”
  


      “To enlarge the sphere of social happiness is worthy of the benevolent design of a Masonic institution; and it is most fervently to be wished, that the conduct of every member of the fraternity, as well as those publications, that discover the principles which actuate them, may tend to convince mankind that the grand object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human race.[Letter to the Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, January 1793]”
  


      “There is something beautiful about watching two people lovingly act silly together; behaving as though no one else existed.”
  


      “You are so intense. Like a storm. It's shocking how intense you are.”
  


      “We are all doomed to seek our own happiness; we can't help ourselves. We are all, the cruel and the gentle alike, condemned to seeking that happiness in the dark. We use our need as the blind use a walking stick, to determine the safety of every forward step. ”
  

      “Happiness can only be achieved by looking inward & learning to enjoy whatever life has and this requires transforming greed into gratitude.”
  

      “People who can change and change again are so much more reliable and happier than those who can’t”
  



      “Learn to love someone when they least deserve it, because that is when they need your love most.”
  


      “The best parts of life are the things we can't plan. And it's a lot harder to find happiness if you're only searching in one place. Sometimes, you just have to throw away the map. Admit that you don't know where you're going and stop pressuring yourself to figure it out. Besides...a map is a life someone else already lived. It's more fun to make your own.”
  


      “Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.”
  

      “Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
  


      “Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life”
  


      “I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.”
  

      “If you could have one wish, what would it be? We all have hopes and dreams that we do almost anything to make real. And if we get lucky, and our wish is granted, maybe that's what we call happiness.”
  

      “An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
  

      “I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
  


      “Associate with the noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty; but learn to be happy alone.”
  


      “Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.”
  

      “when happiness makes a guest appearance in one's life,it's important to make the most of it.It may not stay around for long and when it has gone wouldn't it be terrible to think that all the time one could have been happy was wasted worrying when the happiness would be taken away.”
  


      “I like living, breathing better than working...my art is that of living. Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral, it's a sort of constant euphoria.”
  

      “Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.”
  


      “I learned from a very young age that if I persued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.”
  

      “Why did I hope we would be happy abroad? A change of environment is that traditional fallacy upon which doomed loves, and lungs, rely.”
  

      “Those who wish to sing always find a song.”
  

      “Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to take the time. And she was right.”
  


      “You can be happy with money and you can be wretched with it. It depends on what kind of person you are. -- A Prologue to Love”
  

      “... too much brooding, not enough doing.”
  

      “تعرفون اني لم أكن ملاكا طيلة الوقت , و أن الخلافات كانت تحدث من حيت لآخر , لكن لو نظرت للصورة الإجمالية من بعيد -حين تختفي البقع السوداء الصغيرةلأدركت اننا سعيدين حقا ..”
  

      “Then the world will be for the common people, and the sounds of happiness will reach the deepest springs. Ah! Come! People of every land, how can you not be roused.”
  


      “Happiness is good, but well-overrated: what we hate most are the very motivators that put us in gear. A man drifts along with little to contribute until something agitates him enough to make a difference, whether for himself or for his communities.”
  


      “Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of it.”
  

      “If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.”
  

      “How can you tell somebody who is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?”
  

      “She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”
  


      “Men spend their lives in anticipations,—in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time. But the present time has one advantage over every other—it is our own. Past opportunities are gone, future have not come. We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer the tasting of them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.”
  

      “You know, people ask me. They say 'Dan, three years later do you really want to be drawing cat whiskers on your face?' but they don't understand. The cat whiskers, they come from within.”
  

      “If you pursue happiness, you are an ordinary person. If happiness pursues you, you are an extraordinary person. Do not chase happiness; let it chase you.”
  

      “The only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not.”
  

      “Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is at their heels.”
  

      “Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
  

      “If one has failed to develop curiosity and interest in the early years, it is a good idea to acquire them now, before it is too late to improve the quality of life. To do so is fairly easy in principle, but more difficult in practice. Yet it is sure worth trying. The first step is to develop the habit of doing whatever needs to be done with concentrated attention, with skill rather than inertia. Even the most routine tasks, like washing dishes, dressing, or mowing the lawn become more rewarding if we approach them with the care it would take to make a work of art. The next step is to transfer some psychic energy each day from tasks that we don’t like doing, or from passive leisure, into something we never did before, or something we enjoy doing but don’t do often enough because it seems too much trouble. There are literally millions of potentially interesting things in the world to see, to do, to learn about. But they don’t become actually interesting until we devote attention to them.”
  



      “Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
  

      “Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
  

      “The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.”
  

      “Don't be afraid to be who you are bacause you are the only person who knows you best.”
  

      “Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.”
  


      “Dads. It’s time to show our sons how to properly treat a woman. It’s time to show our daughters how a girl should expect be treated. It’s time to show forgiveness and compassion. It’s time to show our children empathy. It’s time to break social norms and teach a healthier way of life! It’s time to teach good gender roles and to ditch the unnecessary ones. Does it really matter if your son likes the color pink? Is it going to hurt anybody? Do you not see the damage it inflicts to tell a boy that there is something wrong with him because he likes a certain color? Do we not see the damage we do in labeling our girls “tom boys” or our boys “feminine” just because they have their own likes and opinions on things? Things that really don’t matter?”
  


      “And from the midst of cheerless gloomI passed to bright unclouded day.”
  

      “All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the word, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us were amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs.Love blossoms from the inside out. That is why it is so important to do the work necessary to heal our emotional wounds, to love ourselves and stand strong in who we are. Only then, are we truly free to give and receive love, unconditionally and in abundance.”
  

      “if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?”
  

      “When you let go of control and commit yourself to happiness, it is so easy to offer compassion and forgiveness. This propels you from the past, into the present. People that are negative, spend so much time trying to control situations and blame others for their problems. Committing yourself to staying positive is a daily mantra that states, “I have control over how I plan to react, feel, think and believe in the present. No one guides the tone of my life, except me!”
  

      “I want that. I want that awful intense and serious unhappiness, cos then I might feel better, and then I might be happy.”
  


      “And so it turned out that only a life similar to the life of those around us, merging with it without a ripple, is genuine life, and that an unshared happiness is not happiness.”
  

      “Zakath stared at the floor. 'I suddenly feel very helpless,' he admitted, 'and I don't like the feeling. I've been rather effectively dethroned, you know. This morning I was the Emperor of the largest nation on earth; this afternoon, I'm going to be a vagabond.'You might find it refreshing,' Silk told him lightly.Shut up, Kheldar,' Zakath said almost absently. He looked back at Polgara. 'You know something rather peculiar?'What's that?'Even if I hadn't given my word, I'd still have to go to Kell. It's almost like a compulsion. I feel as if I'm being driven, and my driver is a blindfolded girl who's hardly more than a child.'There are rewards,' she told him.Such as what?'Who knows? Happiness, perhaps.'He laughed ironically. 'Happiness has never been a driving ambition of mine, Lady Polgara, not for a long time now.'You may have to accept it anyway,' She smiled. 'We aren't allowed to choose our rewards any more than we are our tasks. Those decisions are made for us.”
  


      “All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.”
  


      “Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior. ”
  

      “I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.”
  


      “Sometimes happiness consists of finding the right balance of misery.”
  


      “I've never been afraid of them. Not once. Because I had you.”
  


      “There's the risk of being loved...and that would keep me from being happy.”
  


      “Happy is the soul that has a friend. Happier is the soul that trusts in the truth of the heart of a friend. Happiest is the soul that knows the solemnity of friendship and honours its laws.”
  

      “REFLECTIONS OF TRUTHWhere you find TruthIs where you find your reflectionAnd where you find your reflectionIs where you find loveAnd where you find loveIs where you find lightAnd where you find lightIs where you find faithAnd where you find faithIs where you find purposeAnd where you find purposeIs where you find happinessAnd where you find happinessIs where you find TruthAnd when you find TruthTruth will set you free.”
  


      “he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with. i have to believe that’s a sign.”
  


      “The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.”
  

      “If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.”
  

      “The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
  



      “Three o'clock in the morning. The soft April night is looking at my windows and caressingly winking at me with its stars. I can't sleep, I am so happy.”
  


      “Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people. There is no more mistaken path to happiness than worldliness.”
  

      “too much happiness always overflowed into tears of sorrow.”
  


      “Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise”
  

      “Call no man happy until he is dead.”
  

      “LEONATOWell, then, go you into hell?BEATRICENo, but to the gate; and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven; here's no place for you maids:' so deliver I up my apes, and away to Saint Peter for the heavens; he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.”
  


      “Why did you look at the sunset?'Philip answered with his mouth full:Because I was happy.”
  


      “Champagne arrived in flûtes on trays, and we emptied them with gladness in our hearts... for when feasts are laid and classical music is played, where champagne is drunk once the sun has sunk and the season of summer is alive in spicy bloom, and beautiful women fill the room, and are generous with laughter and smiles... these things fill men's hearts with joy and remind one that life’s bounty is not always fleeting but can be captured, and enjoyed. It is in writing about this scene that I relive this night in my soul.”
  

      “I wanted to hold happiness in reserve, like a bottle of champagne. I postponed it because I was afraid, because I overvalued it, and then I didn't want to use it up, because what do you wish for then?”
  


      “There is a fine line between compassion and a victim mentality. Compassion though is a healing force and comes from a place of kindness towards yourself. Playing the victim is a toxic waste of time that not only repels other people, but also robs the victim of ever knowing true happiness.”
  


      “And I don't believe in such a thing as "happily ever after". There's only happily every now and then. I find the hardest trick is to recognize the now-and-thens, and to bask in them when they come. Happiness is a choice we make, like how to wear our hair, or having coffee with breakfast and tea at night.”
  


      “There were times when I lifted my face to the sky, stretched my arms wide to the winter night, and laughed out loud, so happy was I.The memory of it makes me laugh now, but not from happiness.Be careful what you show the world.You never know when the wolf is watching.”
  


      “Always try to be joyful and proactively benign to the people. By doing so everyday, people have no control at all over my mood.”
  


      “This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
  


      “...so i will greet youin a wayall loved thingsare meant to be greetedwith a tear in my heartand a poem in my eye.”
  


      “He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt.”
  


      “Happiness had never been like this before. Now it came like sun showers, the sun and the rain together. Happiness was happier than it had been - sharp, piercing, and snatched, like a breath while swimming in surf.”
  


      “A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...”
  


      “Honest, open communication is the only street that leads us into the real world... We then begin to grow as never before. And once we are on this road, happiness cannot be far away.”
  


      “How was life before Pop-Tarts, Prozac and padded playgrounds? They ate strudel, took opium and played on the grass.”
  


      “Everyone who is not happy must be shot.”
  


      “My happiness has to come from within myself or it is too fragile a thing to be of any use to me and too much of a burden to benefit any of my loved ones.”
  


      “Happiness is never there to stay [...] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”
  


      “Some people would rather live in a hell they've got used to than in a paradise they've never experienced before. ”
  


      “She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.”
  


      “And all the best words together couldn't hold the happiness.”
  


      “She'd spoken of their happiness as though it were an undeniable fact, no matter what happened--apart from everything else and not subject to it. It was a new idea for him, that happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies. Food, weapons, happiness.With hope that the weapons could in time vanish from the picture.”
  


      “When, therefore, we maintain that pleasure is the end, we do not mean the pleasures of profligates and those that consist in sensuality, as is supposed by some who are either ignorant or disagree with us or do not understand, but freedom from pain in the body and from trouble in the mind. For it is not continuous drinkings and revelings, nor the satisfaction of lusts, nor the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, but sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.”
  

      “True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. If I seek some other reward besides God Himself, I may get my reward but I cannot be happy.”
  


      “Be happy without picking flaws.”
  



      “Children are gifts. They are not ours for the breaking. They are ours for the making.”
  


      “My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.”
  

      “LEONATOWell, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband.BEATRICENot till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a pierce of valiant dust? to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl? No, uncle, I'll none: Adam's sons are my brethren; and, truly, I hold it a sin to match in my kindred.”
  


      “What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.”
  

      “Happiness doesn't always come from a pursuit. Sometimes it comes when we least expect it.”
  

      “And hard times are good in their own way, too. Because the only way you can achieve true happiness is if you experience true sadness as well. It's all about light and shade. Balance.”
  


      “Ah, happiness courts the light so we deem the world is gay. But misery hides aloof so we deem that misery there is none.”
  


      “But the happiest people are the ones who understand that good things occur when one allows them to.”
  


      “I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.”
  

      “Happiness is a big joke; let us laugh at it loud.”
  

      “God wants to rescue us, not destroy us. You don't have to be afraid of being happy, thinking that he wants to take that happiness away from you That's not who he is." "How can you be sure?" "Because when you've had a taste of goodness, it helps you recognize the difference between good and evil. I believe that people like Grace and St. Francis and a whole host of other kind, loving people show us what God is like. He isn't waiting to punish you and he doesn't give you blessings just to strip them away.”
  


      “The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.”
  

      “The process of discovering your fearless self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern your freedom.”
  


      “In Kilanga, people knew nothing of things they might have had - a Frigidaire? a washer-dryer combination? Really, they'd sooner imagine a tree that could pull up its feet and go bake bread. It didn't occur to them to feel sorry for themselves.”
  

      “The secret to happiness is low expectations.”
  

      “There is no happily-ever-after to run to. We have to work for happiness.”
  


      “Action and personal happiness have no truck with each other; they are eternally at war.”
  


      “The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
  


      “The greenest of pastures are right here on earth.”
  


      “Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a huge research staff to study the problem.”
  

      “Whoever said happiness needs a plan?”
  

      “It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers for happiness while you can.”
  


      “There is indeed a certain sense of gratification when we do a good deed that gives us inward satisfaction, and a generous pride that accompanies a good conscience…These testimonies of a good conscience are pleasant; and such a natural pleasure is very beneficial to us; it is the only payment that can never fail. “On Repentance”
  

      “It’s true that laughter really is cheap medicine. It’s a prescription anyone can afford. And best of all, you can fill it right now.”
  

      “These fucking women really piss me off,' April said. 'Because instead of being elated by the thought of making their own happiness and chasing some crazy dream, all they want to do is narrow their options and do something safe.”
  


      “Happy are those who evolve from within.”
  

      “I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)... 'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.'] ...two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]' ...I can see that he's excited. [narrator]' ...Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho ... Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
  

      “It was always a relief when she came home to him. Like water or food. Like music or that moment when you cut yourself with a knife and squeeze the skin and no blood oozes out.”
  


      “Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive”
  


      “Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.”
  



      “He took a hairpin out of my untidy hair (by now my complicated arrangement of ringlets must have looked as if a couple of birds had been nesting there); he took a strand of it and wound it around his finger. With his other hand he began stroking my face, and then he bent down and kissed me again, this time very cautiously. I closed my eyes - and the same thing happened as before: my brain suffered that delicious break in transmission.”
  


      “I wish I had never been born," she said. "What are we born for?" "For infinite happiness," said the Spirit. "You can step out into it at any moment...”
  


      “The one who would be constant in happiness must frequently change.”
  


      “How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
  


      “I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.”
  

      “I'm so alive.As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.”
  


      “It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”
  

      “What is your idea of earthly happiness? To be vindicated in my own lifetime.”
  


      “Sometimes you just have to jump in a mud puddle because it's there. Never get so old that you forget about having fun.”
  


      “But, like all happiness, it did not last long…”
  


      “When my mother didn't come back I realized that any moment could be the last. Nothing in life should simply be a passage from one place to another. Each walk should be taken as if it is the only thing you have left. You can demand something like this of yourself as an unattainable ideal. After that, you have to remind yourself about it every time you're sloppy about something. For me that means 250 times a day.”
  


      “You would not want to be responsible for someone else’s happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!”
  


      “Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
  


      “Happiness is something you lay siege to, it is a battle like a game of go. I will take hold of all the pain and snuff it out.”
  


      “To answer your question as honestly as I can, I've wanted since I was very little to not have to worry about money. I've never been poverty-level poor (I mean, there's been years where I've been officially beneath the poverty line, but that wasn't poverty: that was being a student and living the Student Lifestyle), but I've been in a place where you know you can't afford a better-quality food, where you can't do certain things because of money, and I'd prefer not to have those problems if I can. I sort of have troubles with money in general, with how it determines so much of our lives but with how we all try to ignore it, but I would like to be (and stay) in a place where I can pick up some new comics and games and not worry about how much they cost.This is terrible; you're asking me where I want to be in the future, what I want my life to be like, and the only thing I can tell you is "Man, all I know is I don't want to be POOR.”
  

      “When it comes down to it, even on the natural plane, it is much happier and more enlivening to love than to be loved.”
  

      “And he, like many jaded people, had few pleasures left in life save good food and drink.”
  

      “Most of our suffering comes from resisting what is already here, particularly our feelings. All any feeling wants is to be welcomed, touched, allowed. It wants attention. It wants kindness. If you treated your feelings with as much love as you treated your dog or your cat or your child, you'd feel as if you were living in heaven every day of your sweet life.”
  

      “A truly radical resolution would be to embrace existence just as it is, as the only thing that matters, to proclaim that the world itself is heaven, made for our total enjoyment and fulfillment...”
  


      “IN THE HANDS OF MANHe who creates a poison, also has the cure.He who creates a virus, also has the antidote.He who creates chaos, also has the ability to create peace.He who sparks hate, also has the ability to transform it to love.He who creates misery, also has the ability to destroy it with kindness.He who creates sadness, also has the ability to to covert it to happiness.He who creates darkness, can also be awakened to produce illumination.He who spreads fear, can also be shaken to spread comfort.Any problems created by the left hand of man,Can also be solved with the right,For he who manifests anything,Also has the ability toDestroy it.”
  


      “It's not my job to make you happy. It's your job to learn that only those who quit selfishly seeking their own happiness find it.”
  


      “Tatsuya: What you have "right now" won't necessarily continue on until forever...Hiro: ... Yeah, I know.”
  


      “To fill the hour──that is happiness.”
  

      “The secret of happiness: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it.”
  

      “God bless Dunkin' Donuts.”
  


      “The notion that a human being should be constantly happy is a uniquely modern, uniquely American, uniquely destructive idea.”
  

      “There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there’s only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there’s no reason why you shouldn’t have a fairly good time.”
  


      “You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
  

      “We talked for hours. He talked and I listened. It was like wind and sunlight. It blew all the cobwebs away.”
  

      “My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”
  

      “Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”
  

      “Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don’t, you will leak away your innate contentment. It’s easy enough to pray when you’re in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.”
  



      “You need to figure out what you want, Josh. If that means you need to swim against the tide to get it, at least youre aiming for something that could make you very happy.”
  


      “A week feels like a year when you’re seventeen and in love. A twenty minute drive might as well be an ocean. But we were together again and the whole world was rejoicing, even the gravel crunched melodiously under our feet as we danced onward through the night.”
  


      “I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
  

      “The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.”
  

      “I've always believed that happiness is just around the corner. The trick is fining the right corner.”
  


      “Happiness is a strange thing. It is something I tend to recognize only after it has passed, when I realize I miss it.”
  


      “If you're not getting happier as you get older, then you're fuckin' up”
  

      “People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
  

      “Our purest form of joy comes when people we envy get hurt. That most genuine form of joy.”
  


      “ولمّا فتحت قلبي لكي ارى السعادة, وجدت مرآتها وسريرها وملابسها, لكنّي لم اجدها.”
  

      “Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.”
  


      “I think instead [of happiness] we should be working for contentment... an inner sense of fulfillment that's relatively independent of external circumstances.”
  

      “You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
  


      “And I ask myself what it is about me that makes this wonderful, beautiful woman return. Is it because I'm pathetic, helpless in my current state, completely dependent on her? Or is it my sense of humour, my willingness to tease her, to joke my way into painful, secret places? Do I help her understand herself? Do I make her happy? Do I do something for her that her husband and son can't do? Has she fallen in love with me?As the days pass and I continue to heal, my body knitting itself back together, I begin to allow myself to think that she has.”
  


      “We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
  


      “Happiness is the pleasantest of emotions; because of this, it is the most dangerous. Having once felt happiness, one will do anything to maintain it, and losing it, one will grieve.”
  


      “If people were employed at creating heaven on earth, everybody would be happy; instead each one is creating his own heaven by creating hell for others.”
  


      “The universe never complains.When you're wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light.”
  

      “Sadness is never bad," said Amparo. "Sadness is the mirror of being happy”
  


      “Blaming is so much easier than taking responsibility, because if you take responsibility … then you might be to blame.”
  


      “The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.”
  

      “Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.”
  

      “You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
  


      “She couldn't avoid being serious about things she cared for, and happiness made her grave at the thought of all the things which might destroy it.”
  


      “Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invicible host against difficulties.”
  

      “The best way to insure you achieve the greatest satisfaction out of life is to behave intentionally.”
  


      “If one were to build the house of happiness, the largest space would be the waiting room.”
  


      “Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.”
  



      “Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine to the mind.”
  

      “I was happy, but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.”
  


      “In his or her own way, everyone I saw before me looked happy. Whether they were really happy or just looked it, I couldn't tell. But they did look happy on this pleasant early afternoon in late September, and because of that I felt a kind of loneliness new to me, as if I were the only one here who was not truly part of the scene.”
  


      “If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”
  

      “I think my quarry is illusion. I war against magic. I believe that, though illusion often cheers and comforts, it ultimately and invariably weakens and constricts the spirit.”
  


      “As Venus within Eros does not really aim at pleasure, so Eros does not aim at happiness. We may think he does, but when he is brought to the test it proves otherwise... For it is the very mark of Eros that when he is in us we had rather share unhappiness with the Beloved than be happy on any other terms.”
  


      “Dear me! how happy and good we'd be, if we had no worries!”
  


      “The formula of happiness and success is just, being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can.”
  

      “(about William Blake)As for Blake's happiness--a man who knew him said: "If asked whether I ever knew among the intellectual, a happy man, Blake would be the only one who would immediately occur to me."And yet this creative power in Blake did not come from ambition. ...He burned most of his own work. Because he said, "I should be sorry if I had any earthly fame, for whatever natural glory a man has is so much detracted from his spiritual glory. I wish to do nothing for profit. I wish to live for art. I want nothing whatever. I am quite happy."...He did not mind death in the least. He said that to him it was just like going into another room. On the day of his death he composed songs to his Maker and sang them for his wife to hear. Just before he died his countenance became fair, his eyes brightened and he burst into singing of the things he saw in heaven. ”
  


      “Suffering sucks. Don't do it. Go home and love your wife. Go home and love yourself. Go homeand base your happiness on one thing and one thing only: freedom. Choose freedom, not suffering. Create a life of freedom, not wanting. Have some really good coffee and listen to the red-winged blackbirds in the marsh. Ignore the mosquitoes.”
  


      “It's about the quality of the worry," I said. "I have happier worries now than I used to.”
  


      “HappinessThere's just no accounting for happiness,or the way it turns up like a prodigalwho comes back to the dust at your feethaving squandered a fortune far away.And how can you not forgive?You make a feast in honor of whatwas lost, and take from its place the finestgarment, which you saved for an occasionyou could not imagine, and you weep night and dayto know that you were not abandoned,that happiness saved its most extreme formfor you alone.No, happiness is the uncle you neverknew about, who flies a single-engine planeonto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikesinto town, and inquires at every dooruntil he finds you asleep midafternoonas you so often are during the unmercifulhours of your despair.It comes to the monk in his cell.It comes to the woman sweeping the streetwith a birch broom, to the childwhose mother has passed out from drink.It comes to the lover, to the dog chewinga sock, to the pusher, to the basket maker,and to the clerk stacking cans of carrotsin the night.It even comes to the boulderin the perpetual shade of pine barrens,to rain falling on the open sea,to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.”
  

      “It is more important to be free than to be happy.”
  

      “Money can't buy happiness but it can buy a huge yacht that sails right next to it.”
  

      “Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!”
  


      “Happiness is not in things; happiness is in you.”
  


      “The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery, even when they have to take a detour.”
  

      “I think now that maybe true sweetness can only happen in limbo.”
  


      “True happiness is when the love that is within us finds expression in external activities.”
  

      “To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
  


      “Imagination doesn't always make you long for what you cannot have, but rather thrive in what you do not have.”
  


      “A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
  

      “If one’s life is so unsatisfying that an unhealthy activity brings a shred of happiness, it is nigh impossible to give it up unless something that brings greater happiness can be enjoyed in its stead. (28)”
  


      “But I am king. And the well-being of my kingdom depends on my sound judgment and clear head. And those things depend on my state of happiness. And I have known for a long time that my state of happiness depends on you.”
  


      “Be happy. It's one way of being wise”
  

      “Money is made at Christmas out of holly and mistletoe, but who save the vendors would greatly care if no green branch were procurable? One symbol, indeed, has obscured all others--the minted round of metal. And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment.”
  


      “Smartass Disciple: Master, what is the secret recipe of your happiness?Master of Stupidity: If I tell you, there is nobody left to be made fun of.”
  

      “We thought everything would be forgotten, but I still remember yourclaws running down my back.I wonder if you still think about us,the way I do.How our legs would crash into each other in the middle of the night, and how we endedup creating the moon in the confines of our beds.”
  


      “If everything happens for a reason that means you made the right choice even when it’s the wrong choice”
  

      “The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship”
  



      “If you have done something meritorious, you experience pleasure and happiness; if wrong things, suffering. A happy or unhappy life is your own creation. Nobody else is responsible. If you remember this, you won’t find fault with anybody. You are your own best friend as well as your worst enemy. (99)”
  


      “The Christmas presents once opened are Not So Much Fun as they were while we were in the process of examining, lifting, shaking, thinking about, and opening them. Three hundred sixty-five days later, we try again and find that the same thing has happened. Each time the goal is reached, it becomes Not So Much Fun, and we're off to reach the next one, then the next one, then the next.That doesn't mean that the goals we have don't count. They do, mostly because they cause us to go through the process and it's the process that makes us wise, happy, or whatever. If we do things in the wrong sort of way, it makes us miserable, angry, confused, and things like that. The goal has to be right for us, and it has to be beneficial, in order to ensure a beneficial process. But aside from that, it's really the process that's important.”
  


      “Take one cup of love, two cups of loyalty, three cups of forgiveness, four quarts of faith and one barrel of laughter. Take love and loyalty and mix them thoroughly with faith; blend with tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope. Sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Wrap it regularly with lots of hugs. Serve generous helpings daily.”
  

      “One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.”
  


      “Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.”
  

      “To buy a cake... to howl at the moon... to know true happiness... I am happy.”
  

      “It's impossible to be unhappy while wearing a poncho!”
  

      “Three weeks ago, he’d seen hail fall from the sky, onlyto be followed minutes later by a spectacular rainbow that seemed to frame the azalea bushes. The colors, so vivid they seemed almost alive, made him think that nature sometimes sends us signs, that it’s important to remember that joy can always follow despair. But a moment later, the rainbow had vanished and the hail returned, and he realized that joy was sometimes only an illusion.”
  


      “Live in this moment ... for it is the only moment we have!”
  

      “Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few who stop to consider the antithesis; that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable.”
  

      “To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.”
  

      “Happiness is not to be achieved at the command of emotional whims. Happiness is not the satisfaction of whatever irrational wishes you might blindly attempt to indulge. Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but of using your mind's fullest power, not the joy of faking reality, but of achieving values that are real, not the joy of a drunkard, but of a producer. Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seeks nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing but rational actions.”
  


      “There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.”
  


      “When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.”
  


      “The bitterness of joy lies in the knowledge that it cannot last. Nor should joy last beyond a certain season, for, after that season, even joy would become merely habit.”
  


      “I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table." Macbeth”
  


      “There is nothing around me but money, money, money.”
  

      “It's not strength, it's PERCEPTION that makes you stronger. If you change how you SEE it, you'll change how you FEEL about it.”
  


      “Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing up against your legs and jumping into your lap.”
  

      “You must never forget that greatness does not guarantee happiness but goodness always does”
  

      “Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.”
  

      “An empty bus hurtles through the starry nightPerhaps the driver is singingand happy because he sings.”
  

      “When I became convinced that the Universe is natural – that all the ghosts and gods are myths, there entered into my brain, into my soul, into every drop of my blood, the sense, the feeling, the joy of freedom. The walls of my prison crumbled and fell, the dungeon was flooded with light and all the bolts, and bars, and manacles became dust. I was no longer a servant, a serf or a slave. There was for me no master in all the wide world -- not even in infinite space. I was free -- free to think, to express my thoughts -- free to live to my own ideal -- free to live for myself and those I loved -- free to use all my faculties, all my senses -- free to spread imagination's wings -- free to investigate, to guess and dream and hope -- free to judge and determine for myself -- free to reject all ignorant and cruel creeds, all the "inspired" books that savages have produced, and all the barbarous legends of the past -- free from popes and priests -- free from all the "called" and "set apart" -- free from sanctified mistakes and holy lies -- free from the fear of eternal pain -- free from the winged monsters of the night -- free from devils, ghosts and gods. For the first time I was free. There were no prohibited places in all the realms of thought -- no air, no space, where fancy could not spread her painted wings -- no chains for my limbs -- no lashes for my back -- no fires for my flesh -- no master's frown or threat – no following another's steps -- no need to bow, or cringe, or crawl, or utter lying words. I was free. I stood erect and fearlessly, joyously, faced all worlds.And then my heart was filled with gratitude, with thankfulness, and went out in love to all the heroes, the thinkers who gave their lives for the liberty of hand and brain -- for the freedom of labor and thought -- to those who fell on the fierce fields of war, to those who died in dungeons bound with chains -- to those who proudly mounted scaffold's stairs -- to those whose bones were crushed, whose flesh was scarred and torn -- to those by fire consumed -- to all the wise, the good, the brave of every land, whose thoughts and deeds have given freedom to the sons of men. And then I vowed to grasp the torch that they had held, and hold it high, that light might conquer darkness still.”
  

      “The midsummer sun shines but dim, The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him December's as pleasant as May.”
  

      “The only means by which one could attain complete happiness is to avoid living in constant expectation of it. It's the expectation that causes our unhappiness and consequent bitterness about life”
  


      “Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
  


      “According to the Buddha, the failure to recognize the illusion of the self is the source of all ignorance and unhappiness. It is only by renouncing the self, that is, by dropping his ego defences and committing metaphorical suicide, that a person can open up to different modes of being and relating and thereby transform himself into a pure essence of humanity. In so doing, he becomes free to recast himself as a much more joyful and productive person, and attains the only species of transcendence and immortality that is open to man.”
  


      “The average human being is actually quite bad at predicting what he or she should do in order to be happier, and this inability to predict keeps people from, well, being happier. In fact, psychologist Daniel Gilbert has made a career out of demonstrating that human beings are downright awful at predicting their own likes and dislikes. For example, most research subjects strongly believe that another $30,000 a year in income would make them much happier. And they feel equally strongly that adding a 30-minute walk to their daily routine would be of trivial import. And yet Dr. Gilbert’s research suggests that the added income is far less likely to produce an increase in happiness than the addition of a regular walk.”
  


      “Happiness when sustained too long in print can rightly be construed as sappiness...”
  


      “Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.”
  



      “Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
  

      “The more I understand the mind and the human experience, the more I begin to suspect there is no such thing as unhappiness; there is only ungratefulness.”
  


      “I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.”
  

      “We will never be happy until we make God the source of our fulfillment and the answer to our longings. He is the only one who should have power over our souls.”
  


      “We must have the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless furnace of this world.”
  


      “We are often insane with happiness. We are also very unhappy for reasons neither of us can do anything about. Like being separated.”
  


      “The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
  


      “Happiness is a nothingness without completeness.”
  


      “There are very few things in the mind which eat up as much energy as worry. It is one of the most difficult things not to worry about anything. Worry is experienced when things go wrong, but in relation to past happenings it is idle merely to wish that they might have been otherwise. The frozen past is what it is, and no amount of worrying is going to make it other than what it has been. But the limited ego-mind identifies itself with its past, gets entangled with it and keeps alive the pangs of frustrated desires. Thus worry continues to grow into the mental life of man until the ego-mind is burdened by the past. Worry is also experienced in relation to the future when this future is expected to be disagreeable in some way. In this case it seeks to justify itself as a necessary part of the attempt to prepare for coping with the anticipated situations. But, things can never be helped merely by worrying. Besides, many of the things which are anticipated never turn up, or if they do occur, they turn out to be much more acceptable than they were expected to be. Worry is the product of feverish imagination working under the stimulus of desires. It is a living through of sufferings which are mostly our own creation. Worry has never done anyone any good, and it is very much worse than mere dissipation of psychic energy, for it substantially curtails the joy and fullness of life.”
  


      “Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.”
  


      “One should cultivate good habits of memory, for it is capable of making existence a Paradise or an Inferno.”
  


      “There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.”
  


      “It makes no difference where you go, there you are. And it makes no difference what you have, there’s always more to want. Until you are happy with who you are, you will never be happy because of what you have.”
  

      “Everyone has a right to be a little happy, asshole.”
  


      “.. she believed a great happiness awaited her somewhere, and for this reason she remained calm as the days flew by.”
  


      “Unhappiness is caused when we cannot let go of our memories.”
  


      “These men are worth your tears. You are not worth their merriment.”
  


      “I am in an altogether new world now. I can think of nothing more wonderful. It is a real touch of all that heaven means.”
  


      “Sex could be a blissful communion,. But it could also be a weapon, and its absence, sometimes, was required for the establishment of peace.”
  


      “I hate going through this when we just found...," his voice trailed off."Found what?""Each other," he finished, half-smiling.”
  


      “If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
  


      “Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.”
  


      “I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”
  

      “Oh, Marilla, I thought I was happy before. Now I know that I just dreamed a pleasant dream of happiness. This is the reality.”
  


      “If one's bowels move, one is happy, and if they don't move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it.”
  


      “There can be many opinions on a thing, but there is only one truth."Vashet smiled lazily. "And if the pursuit of the truth was my goal, that would concern me." She gave a long yawn, stretching like a happy cat. "Instead I will focus on the joy in my heart, [...}”
  


      “And although it might be best of all to be Socrates satisfied, having both happiness and depth, we would give up some happiness in order to gain the depth.”
  


      “-Paint-My girlfriend is so besotted that she can't take her eyes off me. After we've turned out the light she puts on her night-vision goggles, and watched me as I sleep. Quite often I am woken by her sighing and involuntary yelps of happiness. This has been going on for years, and is showing no sign of abating. Once I asked her to stop all this infra-red activity, but it didn't really work; I'd wake up to find her covering me in luminous paint, and softly whispering, 'Sometimes I wonder if you know how much I love you.”
  


      “الحب يعني أن تهتم بسعادة شخص آخر أكثر من اهتمامك بسعادتك أنت ، بغض النظر عن مدى الألم الذي سيسببه لك قرارك”
  


      “Maybe happiness too is a metaphor invented on a day of boredom”
  



      “There are hours for rest, and hours for wakefulness; nights for sobriety and nights for drunkenness—(if only so that possession of the former allows us to discern the latter when we have it; for sad as it is, no human body can be happily drunk all the time).”
  


      “If you see the world and yourself through a lens smudged by negativity then you’ll find much misery. If you look outwards and inwards through lens brightened by positivity you’ll find much to be happy and appreciative about.”
  


      “In the whole history of the world there is but one thing that money cannot buy...to wit--the wag of a dog's tail.”
  

      “Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.”
  

      “Straight lines go too quickly to appreciate the pleasures of the journey. They rush straight to their target and then die in the very moment of their triumph without having thought, loved, suffered or enjoyed themselves. Broken lines do not know what they want. With their caprices they cut time up, abuse routes, slash the joyous flowers and split the peaceful fruits with their corners. It is another story with curved lines. The song of the curved line is called happiness.”
  

      “Remember the botched brothel-visit in L’Education sentimentale and remember its lesson. Do not participate: happiness lies in the imagination, not the act. Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory.”
  


      “Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.”
  

      “Mother earth cried so much that she has pool of tears more than the land of happiness.”
  

      “He tapped my chest. 'Happy is here.' He tapped his own chest. 'Here.'I looked down past my chin. 'Inside?''Inside.'It was getting crowded in there. First angel. Now happy. It seemed there was more to me than cabbage and turnips.”
  


      “But suppose the endlessly dead were to wake in us some emblem:they might point to the catkins hangingfrom the empty hazel trees, or direct us to the raindescending on black earth in early  spring. ---And we, who always think of happinessrising, would feel the emotionthat almost baffles uswhen a happy thing falls.”
  


      “These examples suggest what one needs to learn to control attention. In principle any skill or discipline one can master on one’s own will serve: meditation and prayer if one is so inclined; exercise, aerobics, martial arts for those who prefer concentrating on physical skills. Any specialization or expertise that one finds enjoyable and where one can improve one’s knowledge over time. The important thing, however, is the attitude toward these disciplines. If one prays in order to be holy, or exercises to develop strong pectoral muscles, or learns to be knowledgeable, then a great deal of the benefit is lost. The important thing is to enjoy the activity for its own sake, and to know that what matters is not the result, but the control one is acquiring over one’s attention.”
  


      “I enjoy melancholic music and art. They take me to places I don't normally get to go.”
  


      “Not that happiness is dull. Only that it doesn't tell well. And of our consuming diversions as we age is to recite, not only to others but to ourselves, our own story.”
  


      “So what's the point, then, if we can't be happy? Why are we doing any of this?""Oh, there's definitely happiness," Jack said, turning his back on the ocean and looking at her. "But it's just about moments, not ever-afters." He grinned. "Like when you're right in the middle of the ocean with your friends, with no one trying to kill you in any kind of horrifying way. You have to appreciate these moments when they happen, 'cause obviously we don't get many of them.”
  


      “When we strike a balance between the challenge of an activity and our skill at performing it, when the rhythm of the work itself feels in sync with our pulse, when we know that what we're doing matters, we can get totally absorbed in our task. That is happiness.The life coach Martha Beck asks new potential clients, "Is there anything you do regularly that makes you forget what time it is?" That forgetting -- that pure absorption -- is what the psychologist Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi calls "flow" or optimal experience. In an interview with Wired magazine, he described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost."In a typical day that teeters between anxiety and boredom, flow experiences are those flashes of intense living -- bright against the dull. These optimal experiences can happen when we're engaged in work paid and unpaid, in sports, in music, in art. The researchers Maria Allison and Margaret Duncan have studied the role of flow in women's lives and looked at factors that contributed to what they call "antiflow." Antiflow was associated with repetitive household tasks, repetitive tasks at work, unchallenging tasks, and work we see as meaningless. But there's an element of chaos when it comes to flow. Even if we're doing meaningful and challenging work, that sense of total absoprtion can elude us. We might get completely and beautifully lost in something today, and, try as we might to re-create the same conditions tomorrow, our task might jsut feel like, well, work. In A Life of One's Own, Marion Milner described her effort to re-create teh conditions of her own recorded moments of happiness, saying, "Often when I felt certain that I had discovered the little mental act which produced the change I walked on air, exulting that I had found the key to my garden of delight and could slip through the door whenever I wished. But most often when I came again the place seemed different, the door overgrown with thorns and my key stuck in the lock. It was as if the first time I had said 'abracadabra' the door had opened, but the next time I must use a different word. (123-124).”
  


      “if you feel happy, Smile with all your heart. if you're down, smile with all your might.”
  

      “Nothing in the world can make you happy; everything in the world can encourage you to be happy”
  


      “A lifetime of lonely regret or happiness with some pain along the way.”
  


      “Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.”
  


      “It was not in me It came and wentI wanted to hold it It was held by wine(I no longer know what it was)”
  

      “When life gives you pain, accept it. When life gives you happiness, reject it.”
  

      “Happiness earned, not given.”
  


      “هكذا يأتي الفرح فجأة ولا نكون أبدا متأنقين لاستقباله”
  


      “So he caught her in his arms and kissed her, and they were very happy, and told each other what a beautiful world it was, and how wonderful it was that they should have found each other, seeing that the world is not only beautiful but rather large.”
  


      “If you’re not happy, then something is wrong. A person comes into the world as a happy being, yet over time, the happiness fades away and they find themselves in this bubble of anxiety and misery all the time. And it’s a comfortable place to stay, so they end up hanging out in this bubble for years and years before it suddenly dawns on them that life is meant to be happy. And, it is. It’s just that they’re too busy getting caught up in worry and stress to notice that life is magnificent and beautiful. Being alive is good. Being alive should already make you happy.”
  

      “The greatest happiness is when the eye discovers beauty where neither then mind conceived of nor the hand intended any.”
  


      “In order to have great happiness, you have to have great pain and unhappiness-otherwise how would you know when you're happy?”
  

      “Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
  

      “He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.”
  


      “Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
  



      “Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.”
  


      “Money does not buy you happiness, but lack of money certainly buys you misery.”
  


      “Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!”
  


      “I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been.”
  


      “Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
  


      “The key to knowing joy is being easily pleased.”
  

      “They think I’m simpleminded because I seem to be happy. Why shouldn’t I be happy? I have everything I ever wanted and more. Maybe I am simpleminded. Maybe that’s the key: simple.”
  


      “Every day has its great grief or its small anxiety. ... One cloud is dispelled, another forms. There is hardly one day in a hundred of real joy and bright sunshine.”
  


      “Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
  


      “Happiness comes in many forms — in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else’s dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It’s okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.”
  

      “It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
  


      “She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.”
  


      “You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
  


      “The only way I can be angry at you is when I have thought, said, or done something that is unkind in my own opinion.”
  

      “This idea of perpetual happiness is crazy and overrated, because those dark moments fuel you for the next bright moments; each one helps you appreciate the other.”
  

      “He was persuaded he could know no happiness but in the society of one with whom he could for ever indulge the melancholy that had taken possession of his soul.”
  


      “Frugality, I've learned, has its own cost, one that sometimes lasts forever.”
  


      “[Poem: Slates of Grey]Sullen faces like slates of grey—What I’d seen on a walk today.Bodies rushing bodies boltingTime for life a disregarding.Money to make and to grow oldWhat about the hands to hold?Deadlines, projects, people to meetWhat about our own two feet.Sullen faces like slates of grey...What I’d see most anyday.”
  


      “I wonder if people always choose what will make them unhappy.”
  


      “Happiness isn’t the reward we retrieve after a long struggle. It arrives daily, in those clear moments when our hearts are tender, pricked by the embrace of a loved one, the beauty of a single flower, the majesty of the world in which we are central. Look over your shoulder at how far you’ve come and all the good things you’ve experienced and that is when you will see the smiling face of happiness.”
  

      “Happiness,... even the smallest happiness, is like a step out of Time, and the greatest happiness is sharing in Eternity.”
  


      “It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
  


      “I know money isn't everything. but it certainly is something.”
  


      “Now some of you will say that the two are one and the same - happiness and joy - but this is not so. Happiness is a feeling. Happiness is fleeting, dependent on the moment, the circumstances, even the weather. Joy is transcendent, enduring, and, in the biblical context, is not an emotion. Joy is an attitude of the heart. Joy brings us peace, a refuge in the midst of troubles. God gives us joy through His Spirit. But the enemy tries to steal your joy and give you temporary happiness instead. Now, is there anything wrong with being happy? Nee, but it cannot last. So, you may wonder why I bring up the difference between these two - it is simple really. [...] marriage is sacred before the Lord, a decision for a lifetime, but too often I think young people look upon it as a source of happiness. Do not look at marriage this way. See it as a reservoir of joy, a deep, welling spring that endures the icy blast of temper, the bite of an angry word, the void of loneliness in a heart hungry for talk when there is no response. [...] Seek joy in each other, not happiness.”
  


      “I used to float along in all of this, like a leaf on a coursing stream, but i am heavier now, less easily moved, more resolute and steadfast. I am no longer in pursuit of happiness. As I stand here at my front door, key in hand, I think it is just possible that happiness, at least for now, today, this hour, may be in pursuit of me.”
  


      “There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on individuals of different temperaments.”
  


      “If you love a person, you should show it in adundance, not reserve it for special occasions like fine china.”
  


      “I wished upon a star and the heavens sent me you”
  


      “I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.”
  

      “When we give up the chase, we give up our wishing.”
  

      “Why are those who are notoriously undisciplined and unmoral also most contemptuous of religion and morality? They are trying to solace their own unhappy lives by pulling the happy down to their own abysmal depths.”
  



      “Today only the person who no longer believes in a happy ending, only he who has consciously renounced it, is able to live. A happy century does not exist; but there are moments of happiness, and there is freedom in the moment.”
  


      “I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, more so than I do in the reality that surrounds me.”
  

      “Human happiness is defined by the hardships and conflicts you have been through. The greater they are, the greater is your happiness.”
  

      “Why sadness was created?So we could rest from laughing.”
  

      “The good news is that I believe every woman who wants to can find a great partner. You're just going to need to get rid of the idea that marriage will make you happy. It won't. Once the initial high wears off, you'll just be you, except with twice as much laundry. Because ultimately, marriage is not about getting something -- it's about giving it. Strangely, men understand this more than we do. Probably because for them marriage involves sacrificing their most treasured possession -- a free-agent penis -- and for us, it's the culmination of a princess fantasy so universal, it built Disneyland.”
  

      “In my judgment, the woman is the equal of the man. She has all the rights I have and one more, and that is the right to be protected. That is my doctrine. You are married; try and make the woman you love happy. Whoever marries simply for himself will make a mistake; but whoever loves a woman so well that he says 'I will make her happy,' makes no mistake. And so with the woman who says, 'I will make him happy.' There is only one way to be happy, and that is to make somebody else so.”
  


      “The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
  

      “Gratitude always comes into play; research shows that people are happier if they are grateful for the positive things in their lives, rather than worrying about what might be missing.”
  


      “Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
  

      “Be like a branch of a tree; flex your body to face 'wind of sorrow'; flex little harder to dance in the 'wind of happiness'.”
  

      “I think about my mother singing after lunch on a Summer afternoon, twirling in blue dress across the floor of her dressing room”
  


      “How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
  


      “The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: "Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph.”
  


      “We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker...”
  


      “Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
  

      “Expect more get less and feel sadness Or expect less get more and feel happiness”
  

      “Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.”
  


      “that's exactly the good thing about the Injun life--you don't have to stop and think about whether or not you're 'happy'--which in my opinionis a highly overrated human condition invented by white folks”
  


      “Comparison is the thief of joy.”
  

      “Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion.”
  


      “Why do I want to run from happiness?”
  


      “Happiness is a good business these days, more you talk crap about happiness the large number of crowd you will gather.”
  

      “Joy is the holy fire that keeps our purpose warm and our intelligence aglow.”
  

      “In all human love it must be realized that every man promises a woman, and every woman promises a man that which only God alone can give, namely, perfect happiness. One of the reasons why so many marriages are shipwrecked is because as the young couple leave the altar, they fail to realize that human feelings tire and the enthusiasm of the honeymoon is not the same as the more solid happiness of enduring human love. One of the greatest trials of marriage is the absence of solitude. In the first moments of human love, one does not see the little hidden deformities which later on appear.”
  


      “His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane.He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day.He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone.He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life.He watched the door they would come through.”
  


      “A person cannot direct his emotional life in the way he bids his motor system to reach for a cup. He cannot will himself to want the right thing or to love the right person or to be happy after a disappointment, or even to be happy in happy times. People lack this capacity not through a deficiency of discipline but because the jurisdiction of will is limited to the latest brain and to those functions within its purview. Emotional life can be influenced, but it cannot be commanded.”
  


      “If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
  


      “The happiness of a family is such a complex matter. Like a table laid out with a tea service, it looks so ordinary until it's threatened. Then it becomes infinitely precious.”
  


      “Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.”
  

      “When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
  

      “Happiness is not only a hope, but also in some strange manner a memory ... we are all kings in exile.”
  



      “A withered maple leaf has left its branch and is falling to the ground; its movements resemble those of a butterfly in flight. Isn't it strange? The saddest and deadest of things is yet so like the gayest and most vital of creatures?”
  


      “What would it be like to look in the mirror and actually accept what you see? Not loathe the reflection, or despise it, or be resigned to it? But to like it?”
  


      “Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the sidewalk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your parent was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you.”
  


      “No man is happy who does not think himself so.”
  


      “She tried to act as though it were nothing to go to the library alone. But her happiness betrayed her. Her smile could not be restrained, and it spread from her tightly pressed mouth, to her round cheeks, almost to the hair ribbons tied in perky bows over her ears.”
  


      “When we lose our spiritual child then that is when we have grown old.”
  

      “Unhappiness is bondage; therefore, happiness is freedom.”
  


      “Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!”
  

      “Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you.Have you given much thought to our mortal condition?Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen.All mortals owe a debt to death.There's no one alivewho can say if he will be tomorrow.Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery.No one can teach it, no one can grasp it.Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink!But don't forget Aphrodite--that's one sweet goddess.You can let the rest go. Am I making sense?I think so. How about a drink.Put on a garland. I'm surethe happy splash of wine will cure your mood.We're all mortal you know. Think mortal.Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life,it's just catastrophe.”
  


      “Many married women who have deliberately spurned the "hour" of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. In saving themselves, they lost themselves!”
  


      “Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
  

      “If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.”
  


      “I took the dog out for a walk tonight, and together we wandered across the meadow next door. It was a warm summer's night, dark, and moonless. There were a handful of fireflies flickering intermittently, some so close to me I could see they were burning green as they flew, and some further away, who seemed to be flashing white.And in the sky above them a continual roil of distant summer lightning (the storm distant enough that it was silent) burned and flashed and illuminated the clouds. It seemed as if the lightning bugs were talking to the lightning, in a perfect call and response of flash and counterflash. I watched the sky and the meadow flash and flash while the dog walked ahead of me, and realised that I was perfectly happy...”
  

      “You see, nothing matters except pleasure - which is the opposite of happiness, its tragic part, I expect.”
  


      “How can I tell Bob that my happiness streams from having wrenched a piece out of my life, a piece of hurt and beauty, and transformed it to typewritten words on paper? How can he know I am justifying my life, my keen emotions, my feeling, by turning it into print?”
  


      “The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life.”
  

      “The secret of happiness is something to do”
  

      “The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”
  

      “I was terrified of my weakness, of my sharp tongue, ofmy every flaw. I was terrified that this moment, my chance tolive in happiness for however short a time we may have had,would be ruined because I was simply not carved out of thesame wood as happiness, and that my grain was too twistedto ever take its form.”
  


      “If you really want to be happy, don't just go for the money. Go for the relationship that lasts. Go for things of greater value.”
  

      “It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
  

      “Happiness without freedom, or freedom without happiness. There was no third alternative.”
  


      “And Nedley started saying,'Shut Up!Quit that! And i knew it really meant something to him. So I asked for his help,"Mark said. "Don't tell the story like that," Nedley laughed. "What he said was 'Quit pretendin you're a bad guy I need your help, and I need it now!”
  


      “Reading messed with my brain in an unaccountable way. It made me happy; or something.”
  

      “I'm generally a happy person -with the help of antidepressants, that is- so there is something to be said for surrounding myself with happy people.”
  


      “I have been poisoned in your love and now I need antidote Jacqueline.L.J! <3”
  

      “For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.”
  


      “I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it’s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don’t want anyone else to feel like that.”
  

      “-We need more love, to supersede hatred, -We need more strength, to resist our weaknesses, -We need more inspiration, to lighten up our innermind. -We need more learning, to erase our ignorance, -We need more wisdom, to live longer and happier, -We need more truths, to suppress deceptions, -We need more health, to enjoy our wealth, -We need more peace, to stay in harmony with our brethren -We need more smiles, to brighten up our day, -We need more hero's, and not zero's, -We need more change of ourselves, to change the lives of others, -We need more understanding, to tackle our misunderstanding, -We need more sympathy, not apathy, -We need more forgiveness, not vengeance, -We need more humility to be lifted up, -We need more patience and not undue eagerness, -We need more focus, to avoid distraction, -We need more optimism, not pessimism -We need more justice, not injustice, -We need more facts, not fiction,-We need more education, to curb illiteracy, -We need more skills, not incompetence, -We need more challenges, to make attempts, -We need more talents, to create the extraordinary, -We need more helping hands, not stingy folks, -We need more efforts, not laziness, -We need more jokes, to forget our worries, -We need more spirituality, not mean religion, -We need more freedom, not enslavement, -We need more peacemakers, not revolutionaries...with these, we create an heaven on earth.”
  

      “Happiness. It comes onunexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,any early morning talk about it.”
  

      “It's hard to say. Sometimes people have had terrible childhoods. And sometimes they just haven't found their special place in life. And sometimes they're dogs from hell and must be destroyed.”
  

      “It almost seemed as if there must be some random and of course unfair thrift in the emotional housekeeping of the world, if the great happiness--however temporary, however flimsy--of one person could come out of the great unhappiness of another.”
  



      “Happiness is not a state of being. Happiness is a vector, it is movement.”
  


      “The man with toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound.The poverty stricken man makes the same mistake about the rich man.”
  

      “Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
  

      “Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.”
  

      “We live in a community of people not so that we can suppress and dominate eachother or make each other miserable but so that we can better and more reliably satisfy all life's healthy needs.”
  


      “Even the smallest shift in perspective can bring about the greatest healing.”
  


      “Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.”
  


      “We’re young, we’re not monsters, no fools: we’ll conquer happiness for ourselves.”
  

      “Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.”
  


      “Future is one of the wildest experiences that you will ever have.”
  

      “I have lived through much, and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness. A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books , music, love for one's neighbor - such is my idea of happiness. And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?”
  


      “The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
  

      “Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
  

      “It was a pity that people did not risk enough to speak out in behalf of one another's happiness and their own.”
  


      “It is too late for me to learn your wisdom in this matter. From the time I knew aught, I have lived with a knight and his lady whose love lit and warmed the dark hall on winter's nights. Madam, my example comes not from any book of romance. My grandparents walked and breathed; they kissed and quarreled. This I must have, and I will seek it with the point of my knife in a bad husband's heart if I can find it no other way.”
  

      “We are living in a time when flowers are trying to live on flowers, instead of on good rain and black loam.”
  

      “Joy is distinctly a Christian word and a Christian thing. It is the reverse of happiness. Happiness is the result of what happens of an agreeable sort. Joy has its spring deep down inside. And that spring never runs dry, no matter what happens. Only Jesus gives that joy.”
  

      “As I watch him, a sudden recognition comes over me: Tonight, I can be anyone I want… maybe being happy only means living in the moment, appreciating the exact moment you're in and not thinking about the worries of the future.”
  


      “Through strength I found loveIn time I found myself in happiness with you”
  

      “I know how syrupy this sounds, how dull, provincial, and possibly whitewashed, but what can I do? Happy childhoods happen”
  


      “Happiness consists in always aspiring perfection, the pause in any level in perfection is the pause of happiness”
  

      “People expected something for nothing, that’s why they did nothing so beautifully these days.”
  


      “Happiness does not come from a job. It comes from knowing what you truly value, and behaving in a way that’s consistent with those beliefs.”
  

      “Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.”
  

      “The years lay spread out before her, spacious untouched canvases on which she was presently going to paint the picture of her life. It was to be a very beautiful picture, she said to herself with an extraordinary feeling of proud confidence; not beautiful because of any gifts or skill of hers, for never was a woman more giftless, but because of all the untiring little touches, the ceaseless care for detail, the patient painting out of mistakes; and every touch and every detail was going to be aglow with the bright colours of happiness.”
  


      “Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
  

      “No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
  

      “If you think you can then you can.”
  

      “No beating yourself up. That’s not allowed. Be patient with yourself. It took you years to form the bad habits of thought that you no longer want. It will take a littletime to form new and better ones. But I promise you this: Even a slight move in this direction will bring you some peace. The more effort you apply to it, the faster you’ll find your bliss, but you’ll experience rewards immediately.”
  

      “All that you are is all around you.”
  

      “We were all born equal, but where we are in life now is of our own making.”
  

      “Relationships: If you put up with it, you’re going to end up with it. Set the standard you want and don’t settle for less.”
  



      “Without friends you have nothing!”
  

      “The true test of one's mettle is how many times you will try before you give up.”
  

      “Even when in the midst of disturbance, the stillness of the mind can offer sanctuary.”
  


      “Don’t we get it? To put our arm around someone who is gay, someone who has an addiction, somebody who lives a different lifestyle, someone who is not what we think they should be… doing that has nothing to do with enabling them or accepting what they do as okay by us. It has nothing to do with encouraging them in their practice of what you or I might feel or believe is wrong vs right.It has everything to do with being a good human being. A good person. A good friend.”
  


      “Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.”
  

      “To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.”
  


      “Keep in mind that the reason you know you can be good to others is only because you've taken strides to be better for and to yourself.”
  


      “Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
  

      “Nos-tal-gic,’ Akira said, as though it were a word he had been struggling to find. Then he said a word in Japanese, perhaps the Japanese for ‘nostalgic.’ ‘Nos-tal-gic. It is good to be nos-tal-gic. Very important.’‘Really, old fellow?’‘Important. Very important. Nostalgic. When we nostalgic, we remember. A world better than this world we discover when we grow. We remember and wish good world come back again. So very important. Just now, I had dream. I was boy. Mother, Father, close to me. in our house.’He fell silent and continued to gaze across the rubble.‘Akira,’ I said, sensing that the longer this talk went on, the greater was some danger I did not wish fully to articulate. ‘We should move on. We have much to do.”
  


      “If the sun is shining, stand in it- yes, yes, yes. Happy times are great, but happy times pass- they have to- because time passes. The pursuit of happiness is more elusive; it is life-long, and it is not goal-centred. What you are pursuing is meaning- a meaningful life... There are times when it will go so wrong that you will be barely alive, and times when you realise that being barely alive, on your own terms, is better than living a bloated half-life on someone else's terms.”
  


      “It is sad that people need alcohol to make them happy.”
  

      “You can enjoy a deep sense of satisfaction and happiness in life despite challenging circumstances. It's all in how you think about it.”
  

      “It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”
  


      “The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”
  

      “I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.”
  

      “A FriendSomeoneYou're happy to see,Who's happy to see you.SomeoneYou like for who they areNot just for what they can do for you.”
  


      “Ultimately, happiness comes down to choosing between the discomfort of becoming aware of your mental afflictions and the discomfort of being ruled by them.”
  


      “Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.”
  


      “It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others. He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt. But on an occasion such as this it was different, for the spirit of convention was being rigorously adhered to, and in between his ribs Mr. Flay experienced twinges of pleasure.”
  


      “Here, also, the future was cried aloud by the wind through the rocks, so that all those who heard would shiver, and then the liquid spring song of the thrush would make all the beauty of moonlight and sunlight blend together, making it true, so true, that happiness must come again”
  


      “Merry hearts are vulnerable to death, don't be over-joyed to the state of oblivion, lest the enemy poison your meal.”
  

      “Give Happiness, Patience, kindness, and Care, and the PAIN goes away.Then only LOVE remains...”
  


      “As contraries are known by contraries, so is the delights of presence best known by the torments of absence.”
  

      “She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!”
  



      “I like how Mother Teresa put it: "Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile." If you approach life this way, always looking for ways to build instead of to tear down, you'll be amazed at how much happiness you can give to others and find for yourself”
  


      “I never had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.”
  


      “He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness.”
  

      “There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
  


      “Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when..." and you can't say "I will be peaceful when..." Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”
  

      “I willingly allow that money does not guarantee happiness; but it must also be allowed that it makes happiness a great deal easier to achieve.”
  


      “The good life doesn't knock on the door. Joy is a job.”
  

      “Here is a commandment for you: seek happiness in sorrow. Work, work tirelessly.”
  


      “Happiness is the highest form of self-respect. A person who allows himself to be happy shows his self-respect.”
  

      “If you can channel the best part of you that is bigger than yourself, where it’s not about your ego and not about getting ahead, then you can have fun and you aren’t jealous of others. You see other people's talent as another branch of your own. You can keep it rooted in joy. Life is long and there are plenty of opportunities to make mistakes. The point of it all is to learn.”
  

      “Envy nobody. It is the true secret of happiness, or at least the only one I know. (By Moonlight)”
  


      “الإيمان الحق نفيض السعادة التافهة”
  


      “For what are the words with which to summarize a lifetime, so much crowded confused happiness terminated by such stark slow-motion pain?”
  


      “I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.”
  


      “Wanna be always Happy? Always carry some chocolate with you ;)”
  

      “Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
  


      “And though I was currently living a fairy tale, some part of my soul knew that happiness couldn't last forever. I didn't deserve a happily ever after, and there weren't many other cards to play when that was the truth.”
  


      “Fate is the malevolent little jester sitting up in the heavens and pondering over how ridiculous we humans are and he does his best to make fools out of all of us. And sooner or later he succeeds.”
  


      “The U.S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. Your have to catch up with it yourself.”
  

      “A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one’s life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.”
  

      “Happiness never made anyone rich or famous. That must be why ambitious people avoid it.”
  

      “We were so happy.”
  


      “People with the most interests live, not only longest, but happiest.”
  

      “The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
  

      “Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world.”
  

      “For some people, she thought, trials were only temporary; they sailed towards happiness through the roughest weather.”
  


      “You know, when you're unhappy you don't have the strength left to take care of others. But it doesn't mean you don't love them.”
  


      “No man should ever completely realize his dreams. What else would there then be to live for?”
  


      “There are some moments you feel like you'll remember forever. Rare, still moments when everything is NOW, as if everything has been stopped and hushed so that you can take it all in. When things are just as they should be, and everyone is one your side, and the whole world makes sense [...] Suddenly, there's peace, perfection, happiness. In that one, tiny moment of time.”
  


      “It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.”
  



      “Up then, fair phoenix bride, frustrate the sun;Thyself from thine affectionTakest warmth enough, and from thine eyeAll lesser birds will take their jollity.Up, up, fair bride, and callThy stars from out their several boxes, takeThy rubies, pearls, and diamonds forth, and makeThyself a constellation of them all;And by their blazing signifyThat a great princess falls, but doth not die.Be thou a new star, that to us portendsEnds of much wonder; and be thou those ends.”
  


      “I know you have it in you, Guy," Anne said suddenly at the end of a silence, "the capacity to be terribly happy.”
  


      “Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?”
  


      “The green thumb is equable in the face of nature's uncertainties; he moves among her mysteries without feeling the need for control or explanations or once-and-for-all solutions. To garden well is to be happy amid the babble of the objective world, untroubled by its refusal to be reduced by our ideas of it, its indomitable rankness.”
  


      “Ivan tells Anna: "I used to imagine that being embraced by a woman . . . as something so wonderful that it would make me forget everthing . . . [But] happiness, it turns out, will be to share with you the burden I can't share with anyone else.”
  


      “Seek happiness in tranquility and avoid ambition even if it be only the apparently innocent one of distinguishing yourself in science and discoveries.”
  

      “If [God] send me no husband, for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening ...”
  


      “...anticipation of happiness can sometimes be as gratifying as its consummation.”
  


      “Sometimes customizing is necessary because of an injury or the inability to do, for a short or long period, the kind of exercise you formerly did. When you're used to customizing for fun, doing it under duress won't seem like such an imposition. Either way, experiment until you find activities that make you happy as well as healthy. Choose your exercise using the same criteria you'd apply to choosing a date--that is, attractive to you and able to hold your interest for an hour.”
  


      “Give more, so that we can build more, put interest in understanding another more in whatever actions one might carry out in life. Because we all are fighting for survival against adversaries and are sometimes falling, but if we stand together and help shield and strengthen one another, imagine the world that we will live in together, having more happiness with one another, at one another’s side.”
  


      “Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.”
  


      “The first sure symptom of a mind in health Is rest of heart and pleasure felt at home.”
  

      “It's lovely to see people so happy.”
  


      “The proper basis for marriage is mutual misunderstanding. The happiness of a married man depends on the people he has not married. One should always be in love - that's the reason one should never marry.”
  


      “..Such practices and beliefs, which interfere with happiness, are neither inevitable nor necessary; they evolved by chance, as a result of random responses to accidental conditions. But once they become part of the norms and habits of a culture, people assume that this is how things must be; they come to believe they have no other options.”
  


      “Cynicism is the calling card of unhappy people.”
  

      “جدارة الرسالات السامية تقاس عادة بما تحققه من سعادة للبشر تتمثل أول ما تتمثل في الأخذ بيد المضطهدين”
  


      “Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. ”
  

      “How to Find Your Joylah1. Try new things2. Be open to new friends3. Visit new places4. Listen to new ideas5. Remember each day is a new day6. And it's really no big deal if beads get mixed up every once in a while”
  


      “But 'tis a sad thing that all one's happiness is only that the world does not know you are miserable.”
  


      “Outside, she thought that there ought to be a word for it: the air temperature that was perfectly neither hot nor cold. One degree lower, and she might have felt a faint misgiving about not having brought a jacket. One degree higher, and a skim of sweat might have glistened at her hairline. But at this precise degree, she required neither wrap nor breeze. Were there a word for such a temperature, there would have to be a corollary for the particular ecstasy of greeting it - the heedlessness, the needlessness, the suspended lack of urgency, as if time could stop, or should. Usually temperature was a battle; only at this exact fulcrum was it an active delight.”
  


      “Je tiefer sich das Leid in euer Sein eingräbt, desto mehr Freude könnt ihr fassen.”
  

      “Mankind were intended to be happy... that government being only the means of securing freedom and happiness to the people, whenever it deviates from this end, and their freedom and happiness are in great danger of being irrevocably lost, the government is no longer entitled to their allegiance. ("The Principles of an American Whig"-1777)”
  

      “Es dauerte einen Moment, bis er ihr antwortete:Nein, ich spreche von... von eurer Freiheit, glaube ich. Von dem Glück, das ihr habt, für euch zu leben und auf alles andere zu pfeifen.”
  


      “She needed to recover. His father had died in January; it was only the end of May. They needed to stick to the routine they'd established during the intervening months. in that way, their life would return to its original shape, like a spring stretched in bad times but contracting eventually into happiness. That the world could come permanently unsprung had never occurred to him.”
  


      “I did, of course, on both counts, and started going out with the boy I lost my virginity to - all of it. He lost his to me too, except that neither of us felt we had lost anything - just discovered the meaning of life and love and everything else unnecessary in between.”
  


      “I feel as though the world is a friendly boy walking along in the sun.”
  

      “Happiness is the feeling we experience when we are too busy to be miserable.”
  

      “I see you and St. John have been quarrelling, Jane,' said Diana, 'during your walk on the moor. But go after him; he is now lingering in the passage expecting you - he will make it up.'I have not much pride under such circumstances: I would always rather be happy than dignified; and I ran after him - he stood at the foot of the stairs.”
  


      “Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.”
  



      “They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all.But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
  


      “Dads. Do you not realize that a child is what you tell them they are? That people almost always become what they are labeled? Was whatever your child just did really the “dumbest thing you’ve ever seen somebody do”? Was it really the “most ridiculous thing they ever could have done”? Do you really believe that your child is an idiot? Because she now does. Think about that. Because you said it, she now believes it. Bravo.”
  


      “Dads. It’s time to tell our kids that we love them. Constantly. It’s time to show our kids that we love them. Constantly. It’s time to take joy in their twenty-thousand daily questions and their inability to do things as quickly as we’d like. It’s time to take joy in their quirks and their ticks. It’s time to take joy in their facial expressions and their mispronounced words. It’s time to take joy in everything that our kids are.”
  


      “The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion. It has been the most dishonourable belief against the character of the divinity, the most destructive to morality, and the peace and happiness of man, that ever was propagated since man began to exist. It is better, far better, that we admitted, if it were possible, a thousand devils to roam at large, and to preach publicly the doctrine of devils, if there were any such, than that we permitted one such impostor and monster as Moses, Joshua, Samuel, and the Bible prophets, to come with the pretended word of God in his mouth, and have credit among us.Whence arose all the horrid assassinations of whole nations of men, women, and infants, with which the Bible is filled; and the bloody persecutions, and tortures unto death and religious wars, that since that time have laid Europe in blood and ashes; whence arose they, but from this impious thing called revealed religion, and this monstrous belief that God has spoken to man? The lies of the Bible have been the cause of the one, and the lies of the Testament of the other.”
  


      “If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.”
  


      “My scars tell a story. They are a reminder of times when life tried to break me, but failed. They are markings of where the structure of my character was welded.”
  

      “Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
  

      “Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
  

      “To sense the peace of extinguished passionHappiness in not knowing the ultimate knowledge”
  


      “At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen”
  

      “Love is my inner strength and my power.”
  

      “The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.”
  

      “If I could take a bite of the whole worldAnd feel it on my palateI’d be more happy for a minute or so...But I don’t always want to be happy.Sometimes you have to beUnhappy to be natural...Not every day is sunny.When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come.So I take unhappiness with happinessNaturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strangeThat there are mountains and plainsAnd that there are cliffs and grass...What you need is to be natural and calmIn happiness and in unhappiness,To feel like someone seeing,To think like someone walking,And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies,And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful...That’s how it is and that’s how it should be...”
  


      “In the West, for example, people believe they must 'pursue happiness' as if it were some kind of a flighty bird that is always out of reach. In the East, we believe we are born with happiness and one of life's important takes, my mother told me, is to protect it.”
  


      “But there was, she knew, something else. Happiness, she supposed. Whatever that might be. What, exactly, she wondered, was happiness. Very positively she wanted it.”
  


      “Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.”
  

      “Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
  


      “Some people are like a thermometer. If their environment is negative, they are negative. If bad things happen, they are sad. If good things happen, they are happy. They are simply a product of their environment. Successful people, on the other hand, are more like a thermostat. Even if their environment is negative, they choose to be positive.”
  


      “Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
  

      “Happiness springs up from within. Do not seek it without.”
  


      “No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people, if you don’t love yourself then it can never be enough.”
  

      “The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles.”
  


      “Be a good human.”
  


      “Living the dream.”
  


      “Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can’t hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn’t me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.”
  

      “Don't blame me. That's evolution. Evolution's always hard. Hard and bleak. No such thing as happy evolution.”
  


      “Love your life. That's a direct route to something people used to call "happiness".”
  


      “so many thoughts, my kvothe. you know too much to be happy.”
  


      “كل إنسان يحاول أن يكون أسعد من الآخرين .. والصعوبة هي أننا نبالغ في تقدير سعادة الآخرين”
  


      “Each new friend gives rise to the possibility of anything!”
  

      “There are few nicer things than sitting up in bed, drinking strong tea, and reading.”
  

      “You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.”
  

      “Start with big dreams and make life worth living.”
  

      “Unless you know where you are going then you will not know how to get there.”
  

      “A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony.”
  



      “I'm not "happy" but I'm not unhappy about it.”
  


      “Every day, you get the opportunity to change your life. Change what you do not want. Change what makes you unhappy.”
  


      “Don’t dare to dream big, just dream BIG!”
  

      “Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July.‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.”
  


      “There had to be something wrong with my life. I should have been born a Yugoslavian shepherd who looked up at the Big Dipper every night.”
  


      “If we lose all of our wealth and are only left with love then, indeed, we shall never be poor.”
  

      “It is in doing things and not reading about them that results come about.”
  

      “It is your vibrational thoughts that give life to the goals you wish for.”
  

      “It is anticipation and recollection that fill the heart—never the sensation of the moment.”
  


      “To be happy, make others happy.”
  

      “I absolutely think that happiness is a choice. One of the most potent forces in human psychology is the power of habit. Do something, think something, often enough and it will become the only thing you can do or think. Choose to be unhappy and soon that’s all you will be. Live in a swamp and you’ll grow webbed feet.”
  

      “Today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well therefore to this day.”
  

      “The more you take responsibility for your attitudes, the more you can adjust yourself in a forward thinking manner.”
  

      “It's no shame in reaching second or third base if you aimed for first base.”
  

      “Sometimes you have to get sad before you get happy 'cause otherwise how would you know the difference?”
  


      “Beliefs are not related to religion but they are basically about who you are.”
  


      “We just wanna be the happy bums that we are. That's all.”
  

      “One who swims with the tide and not the other side will benefit from the opportunity that flows.”
  


      “It turns out that what money buys has rapidly diminishing emotional returns ... As long as we're not destitute, happiness depends less on getting what we want than appreciating what we already have.”
  

      “Use ‘Why?’ to help you follow the breadcrumbs back to the source of the problem.”
  

      “When faced with a hurdle then give it all you've got to jump over it because it can't be done in two stages.”
  

      “Your purpose is your why.”
  

      “I have wanted only one thing to make me happy. That thing is everything.”
  

      “Move on. Be well. Go for it!”
  


      “The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness”
  

      “Sometimes happiness is not knowing the whole story.”
  



      “Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.”
  

      “Happiness is a quality of the soul...not a function of one's material circumstances.”
  

      “The happy man needs nothing and no one. Not that he holds himself aloof, for indeed he is in harmony with everything and everyone; everything is "in him"; nothing can happen to him. The same may also be said for the contemplative person; he needs himself alone; he lacks nothing.”
  


      “There are some delightful places in this world which have a sensual charm for the eyes. One loves them with a physical love. We people who are attracted by the countryside cherish fond memories of certain springs, certain woods, certain ponds, certain hills, which have become familiar sights and can touch our hearts like happy events.Sometimes indeed the memory goes back towards a forest glade, or a spot on a river bank or an orchard in blossom, glimpsed only once on a happy day, but preserved in our heart.”
  


      “There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.”
  

      “I'm not in pursuit of happiness, I'm happiness in pursuit; ready to happen everywhere I go.”
  

      “…I realized my happiness was artificial. I felt happy because I saw the others were happy and because I knew I should feel happy, but I wasn't really happy.”
  


      “Many people think that happiness comes from having more power or more money.”
  


      “Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.”
  


      “You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.”
  

      “Радость. Долг каждого человека - взращивать свою внутреннюю радость. Но многие религии забыли это правило. Большинство храмов темны и холодны. Литургическая музыка помпезна и грустна. Священники одеваются в черное. Ритуалы прославляют пытки мучеников и соперничают в изображении жестокостей. Как если бы мучения, которые претерпели их пророки, были свидетельствами их истинности.Не является ли радость жизни лучшим способом отблагодарить Бога за его существование, если он существует? А если Бог существует, почему он должен быть мрачным существом?”
  


      “Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
  


      “One recipe for happiness is to have to sense of entitlement.' To this she added a star and noted at the bottom of the page: 'This is not a lesson I have ever been in a position to learn.”
  


      “The happy life does not mean loving what we possess, but possessing what we love." Possession of the beloved, St. Thomas holds, takes place in an act of cognition, in seeing, in intuition, in contemplation.”
  


      “Making money isn't hard in itself,what's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting your life to”
  


      “The ultimate meaning of the active life is to make possible the happiness of contemplation.”
  


      “He had learned that, as there is no situation in the world in which a man can be happy and perfectly free, so there is no situation in which he can be perfectly unhappy and unfree.”
  


      “I feel as though I should say something profound, or enact some rite, or trade something to make it official. I want to transfer some trinket which would allow me to say that she's my girl, some kind of currency that proves to people that she likes me back. Something that would permit me to think about her all the time without feeling guilty or helpless or hopelessly far away. I guess I'm just so excited, I want to cage this thing like a tiny red bird so if can't fly away, so it stays the same, so it's still there the next time. For keeps, like a coin in your pocket. Like a peach pit from Mad Jack Lionel's tree. Like scribbled words in a locked suitcase. A bright balloon to tie to your bedpost. And you want to hug it close, hold it, but not so tight it bursts.”
  


      “No one can obtain felicity by pursuit. This explains why one of the elements of being happy is the feeling that a debt of gratitude is owed, a debt impossible to pay. Now, we do not owe gratitude to ourselves. To be conscious of gratitude is to acknowledge a gift.”
  


      “We remember though all the firelit glowOf a great hearth's gleam and glare,And we looked for a space at each happy faceAnd the love that was written there.”
  

      “I could hear the knock and whistle of the water pipes, the purr of the calico cat. And at that moment a happiness filled me that was pure and perfect and yet it was bled with despair - as if I had been handed a cup of ambrosial nectar to drink from and knew that once I finished drinking, the cup would be withdrawn forever, and nothing to come would ever taste as good.”
  


      “…Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather knew that she was happy, than felt herself to be so…”
  


      “The end of the creation is that God may communicate happiness to the creature”
  


      “Não é verdade que a felicidade é aquilo que procuramos sem nunca sermos capazes de a reconhecer?”
  


      “Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
  


      “Happiness is a decision and so as Love. If you decide to be happy then you're happy. If you decide to love then you love.”
  

      “If you think happiness is a rare bird you won't see much of it.”
  

      “Happiness is something that you cannot see. It is naturally felt. When you feel it, you wouldn't wanna let go of it. It makes you smile. It keeps you going. It gives you the energy that nothing and nobody can give. Ig pushes to do things that renders positive vibe inside. Happiness is felt in the most unexpected time and place. It's a natural phenomenon.”
  

      “Let me implore the reader to try to believe, if only for a moment, that God, who made these deserving people, may really be right when He thinks that their modest prosperity and the happiness of their children are not enough to make them blessed: that all this must fall from them in the end, and if they have not learned to know Him they will be wretched. And therefore He troubles them, warning them in advance of an insufficiency that one day they will have to discover. The life to themselves and their families stands between them and the recognition of their need; He makes that life less sweet to them.If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him, and come to Him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had.”
  



      “Those only are happy (I thought) who have their minds fixed on some object other than their own happiness; on the happiness of others, on the improvement of mankind, even on some art or pursuit, followed not as a means, but as itself an ideal end. Aiming thus at something else, they find happiness by the way. The enjoyments of life (such was now my theory) are sufficient to make it a pleasant thing, when they are taken en passant, without being made a principal object. Once make them so, and they are immediately felt to be insufficient. They will not bear a scrutinizing examination. Ask yourself whether you are happy, and you cease to be so. The only chance is to treat, not happiness, but some end external to it, as the purpose of life. Let your self-consciousness, your scrutiny, your self-interrogation, exhaust themselves on that; and if otherwise fortunately circumstanced you will inhale happiness with the air you breathe, without dwelling on it or thinking about it, without either forestalling it in imagination, or putting it to flight by fatal questioning.”
  


      “Satiety depends not at all on how much we eat, but on how we eat. It's the same with happiness, the very same...happiness doesn't depend on how many external blessings we have snatched from life. It depends only on our attitude toward them. There's a saying about it in the Taoist ethic: 'Whoever is capable of contentment will always be satisfied.”
  


      “Original, in French: La bonne cuisine est la base du véritable bonheur. English: Good food is the foundation of genuine happiness.”
  

      “When I was a boy, I naively thought that this thing called happiness would be something I would wake up to find every day once I could smoke, drink and fornicate.”
  


      “Man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
  

      “The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.”
  


      “Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?”
  

      “Only a fool can be happy. For happiness consists of two contradictory elements: contentment and pleasure. Enjoy pleasure and you have no contentment; be content and you have no pleasure. For this reason happiness is conceivable only for those who enjoy themselves without thinking that they will always want more and thus be discontented, or for those who are content without thinking that they have no pleasure. Whoever reflects can never be happy, unless he is a fanatic and thus blinded…thus exercising control over his intelligence with his feelings, instead of the other way round”
  


      “When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
  

      “The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”(Analects 6.11)”
  

      “La felicidad es una bendición, pero generalmente es también una conquista.”
  

      “No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities..”
  

      “Our greatest happiness comes from the experience of love & compassion.”
  


      “We each sell alittle piece of happiness. You are elevating someone's spirit in some way, and to do that you have to understand the source of their angst and then you have to frame your product as a solution.”
  

      “Times of terror and the deepest misery may arrive, but if there is to be any happiness in this misery it can only be a spiritual happiness, related to the past in the rescue of the culture of early ages and to the future in a serene and indefatigable championship of the spirit in a time which would otherwise completely swallow up the material.”
  


      “People argue themselves out of their pleasures”
  


      “..there is more to life than just pleasure. We want to achieve our happiness and not just experience it.”
  

      “There is a preppy wabi-sabi to soft, faded khakis and cotton shirts, but it's not nice to be surrounded by things that are worn out or stained or used up.”
  


      “He turned from the sight of human ignorance and human fate and the sea eating the ground we stand on, which, had he been able to contemplate it fixedly might have led to something; and found consolation in trifles so slight compared with the august theme just now before him that he was disposed to slur that comfort over, to deprecate it, as if to be caught happy in a world of misery was for an honest man the most despicable of crimes.”
  


      “Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.”
  


      “I am happy and content because I think I am.”
  

      “Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.”
  


      “The golden rule of business is supply and demand. I venture to say that this is also the rule of happiness. When a balance is achieved between our desires and another's willingness to satisfy them, the result is a sympathetic, mutually rewarding relationship. (...) a thriving economy of love.' - character Mike Lambeth”
  


      “…feeling as if all the happiness and support of their lives was about to be taken from them.”
  


      “May I nurture the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can change and wisdom to know the difference”
  


      “It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to endure hard poverty, and who fears dishonor worse than death, and is not afraid to die for cherished friends or fatherland.”
  

      “Don't look to a husband or a child or a friend or your family to make you happy. It is not within their capacity to do so.”
  


      “Each to their own reality”
  

      “The glitter of the great world, you know, is only so much froth and spume: you may look in vain for happiness there.”
  


      “I once had a lovewho folded secrets between her thighs like napkins and concealed memories in the valley of her breasts.There was no match for the freckles on her chest, and no one could mistake them for a field of honeysuckles.Upon her lips, a thousand lies were spread in sweet gloss.Her kiss was like a storybook from ancient history.She was at home with the body of a man inside her, beside her.At night, when she lay in bed crying,no one could mistake the tears she wept for a summer showerShe is gone, my love. She was a wanderess, a wildflower.”
  

      “It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
  

      “Analyzing data from 79 men and women who wore inconspicuous devices that recorded some of their conversations over the course of four days, researchers from Washington University and the University of Arizona found a correlation between feelings of well-being and the amount of time spent talking every day. Moreover, the more substantive your conversations, the happier you're likely to be. In other words, heart-to-hearts trump small talk. (LA Times, "A lof of happy talk", March 11, 2010, A21.)”
  

      “My parents have been married forty-two years. I wonder how many of those were happy.”
  



      “How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness?—from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born.”
  


      “Being happy is a great science. If you are not happy, do not be confused. Happiness is hard to achieve.”
  

      “A sense of peace came over me and I must have been smiling as I fell asleep.”
  


      “It's always something here - if there isn't a riot, then someone's usually trying to escape. The wasted effort helps me see the positives of imprisonment. Unlike those pulling their hair out in good society, here we don't have to feel ashamed of our day-to-day unhappiness. Here we have someone visible to blame - someone wearing shiny boots. That's why, on consideration, freedom leaves me cold. Because out there in the real world, freedom means you have to admit authorship, even when your story turns out to be a real stinker.”
  


      “The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. Everyone's so busy waiting in the Waiting Place. If we stopped to remember that there's such a thing as a Purina Tower and a view like this, we'd all be happier.”
  


      “Happiness is the change that comes over mewhen I describe the worldIt comes over the worldHappiness is the change that comes over mewhen I'm afraidIt comes over the worldFor instance I can be afraid of and for the worldafraid because the world consists among other thingsof me so swiftly dying”
  


      “It might be true that it is “quality time” that counts, but after a certain point quantity has a bearing on quality.”
  


      “Holiness leads to wholeness and wholeness leads to happiness.”
  


      “...the Puritans compressed whatever mirth and public joy they deemed allowable to human infirmity; thereby so far dispelling the customary cloud, that, for the space of a single holiday, they appeared scarcely more grave than most other communities at a period of general affliction.”
  


      “To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
  


      “Health, wealth, happiness,live long and always prosper,have families and also friends,let them be lasting in me forever.”
  


      “Gross National Happiness is more important than Gross Domestic Product. attr to Buthan's King Jigme Singye Wangchuck”
  


      “Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.”
  

      “Kurzes Glück kann jeder.”
  


      “He should be happy because he can think about the unhappiness of others!He’s stupid if he doesn’t know other people’s unhappiness is theirs,And isn’t cured from the outside,Because suffering isn’t like running out of ink,Or a trunk not having iron bands!There being injustice is like there being death.”
  


      “WE can learn to rejoice in even the smallest blessings our life holds. It is easy to miss our own good fortune; often happiness comes in ways we don’t even notice.”
  


      “I have dedicated my life to fight against the heinous rottenness of modern capitalism because it robs the laborer of this world's goods. But blow for blow I shall strike against Communism, because it robs us of the next world's happiness.”
  

      “Where else," I will say, "does an old turtle crossing the path Make all the difference in the world?”
  


      “It has been observed in all ages that the advantages of nature or of fortune have contributed very little to the promotion of happiness; and that those whom the splendour of their rank, or the extent of their capacity, have placed upon the summits of human life, have not often given any just occasion to envy in those who look up to them from a lower station; whether it be that apparent superiority incites great designs, and great designs are naturally liable to fatal miscarriages; or that the general lot of mankind is misery, and the misfortunes of those whose eminence drew upon them an universal attention, have been more carefully recorded, because they were more generally observed, and have in reality only been more conspicuous than others, not more frequent, or more severe.”
  


      “Manners and politeness will never become old-fashioned.”
  

      “When I count my blessings, I find you in every one.”
  

      “Huge difference between being happy at will, and chasing euphoric moments as an escape. One doesn't cost a dime, the other will tax your soul.”
  


      “I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go. That's just a little bit about me.”
  


      “Your happiness and suffering depend on your actions and not on my wishes for you.”
  


      “She doesn't need your money. Even a penniless fool like you can make her fall in love with you. That's just miracle.”
  


      “Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”
  


      “A truly happy woman drives some men and almost every other woman absolutely crazy”
  



      “Personality begins where comparison leaves off. Be unique. Be memorable. Be confident. Be proud.”
  

      “Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
  


      “Dads. Do your faces light up when you first see your child in the morning or when you come home from work? Do you not understand that a child’s entire sense of value can revolve around what they see in your face when you first see them?”
  


      “The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.”
  


      “Do you not realize that your kids are going to make mistakes, and a lot of them? Do you not realize the damage you do when you push your son’s nose into his mishaps or make your daughter feel worthless because she bumped or spilled something? Do you have any idea how easy it is to make your child feel abject? It’s as simple as letting out the words, “why would you do that!?” or “how many times have I told you…”
  


      “If you can have everything at fifty that you wanted when you were fifteen, you're happy.”
  


      “I think it doesn’t matter if you or I or anybody else thinks homosexuality is a sin. It doesn’t matter if you or I think anything is a sin. It doesn’t matter if homosexuality is a sin or not. In fact, it doesn’t matter if anything anybody else does is a sin or not.Because sin is a very personal thing! It always has been and it always will be!And it has nothing to do with love.”
  


      “The future never happens; there will always be a future.”
  

      “Joy weathers any storm: Happiness rides the waves.”
  

      “I swore that I would not suffer from the world's grief and the world's stupidity and cruelty and injustice and I made my heart as hard in endurance as the nether millstone and my mind as a polished surface of steel. I no longer suffered, but enjoyment had passed away from me.”
  

      “If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
  

      “If you walk in joy, happiness is close behind.”
  

      “Happy people are those who use a lower threshold in order to label an event positive.”
  

      “There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
  

      “Be like the flower, content with its nature.”
  

      “We will be able to depart this life with the quiet peace-giving notion, that we were permitted to contribute to the happiness of many who will live after us. In our long lives we endeavored to unfold the collective consciousness. In our lives we have known hell and heaven; the final balance, however, is that we helped pave the way to dynamic harmony in this earthly house. That, I believe, is the meaning of life.”
  

      “Happiness is wanting what you have.”
  


      “Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
  

      “Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
  

      “You are the moon that breaks the night . You are the fear that I hate to fight. Times are wrong in all that is done. My treasure is love that I give to only one. Cherrish the treasures given to your heart and never let anything hurt from the start. You chose your path so accept and believe, that peace love and light are needed to breathe.”
  

      “By making yourself a life-long leaner you’ll keep discovering new and exciting things about yourself and others.”
  


      “On the top of Cadair Idris,I felt how happy a man might bewith a little money and a sane intellect,and reflected with astonishment and pityon the madness of the multitude.”
  

      “Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”
  

      “Life isn't about counting what you've earned or what you've done for others. I think life is in those in-between moments when you do something, and you feel really, truly happy just by doing it.”
  

      “(...) La felicidad es tener un corazón capaz de amar. Es saber que has sido importante para alguien... Que de algún modo, en algún momento, has marcado la diferencia. Y la muerte no es nada en comparación con esos momentos.”
  


      “If you are doing things in order to be happy...you're doing them in the wrong order.”
  

      “I am happy that I can aid those admirable men, both living and dead, who by their pens or their tongues have aided the great cause of human liberty and universal happiness.”
  

      “Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
  

      “This planet is a "Hell" and there is no "Heaven" up there. So, learn to be "Happy in Hell".”
  

      “Make a pledge to yourself right now, to declare that you are worth your time and energy.”
  

      “Last nightthe rainspoke to meslowly, saying, what joyto come fallingout of the brisk cloud, to be happy againin a new wayon the earth! That’s what it saidas it dropped, smelling of iron, and vanishedlike a dream of the oceaninto the branchesand the grass below.Then it was over.The sky cleared.I was standingunder a tree.The tree was a treewith happy leaves, and I was myself, and there were stars in the skythat were also themselvesat the momentat which momentmy right handwas holding my left handwhich was holding the treewhich was filled with starsand the soft rain –imagine! imagine! the long and wondrous journeysstill to be ours.”
  

      “I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.”
  

      “If you do not have persistence then no amount of education, talent or genius can make up for it.”
  

      “Don't live to be judged for what you haven't done. Live to be judged for what you have done.”
  

      “The most important reason for your “no” is that you need your downtime so you won’t behave like a jerk because you’re depleted. And you don’t want to battle an appetite spiked by the stress of overcommitment. But that’s your secret; others don’t need that information. So just smile, say no, thank you, and keep moving.”
  

      “Recognizing that you are not where you want to be is a starting point to begin changing your life.”
  

      “The only thing limiting your aspiration is your imagination.”
  

      “The tragedy is that what you disapprove of in others is the very thing you disapprove of in yourself.”
  

      “You are human, so stop acting as if though you are a sheep and start thinking for yourself.”
  

      “Today I am even richer.”
  

      “In the autumn of your years don't make it so that what you look back on is regret. Live your life now so that whatever you do gives some sunshine before you head into the winter of your life.”
  

      “Riches can all be lost, but that happiness in your own heart can only be veiled, and it will bring you happiness again, as long as you live.”
  



      “We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
  

      “You don't have to be like anyone else. You just need to learn more about your own creative self and start blooming.”
  

      “Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.”
  

      “[Happiness] comes when we choose to be who we are, to be ourselves, at this present moment in our lives.”
  


      “I want to feel what I feel. What's mine. Even if it's not happiness, whatever that means. Because you're all you've got.”
  

      “Pessimists never go on a voyage of discovery, equally so they never leave the shoreline in search of new horizons.”
  

      “The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself. It is in this relationship that you set the standard for all others.”
  


      “When we have reached the depths of despair, only then can we look up and see the light of hope.”
  

      “-Please, Anita, go home, and don’t freak. Just go home, and be happy. Be happy, and let everyone around you be happy. Is that so hard?When Jason said it like that, it didn’t seem hard. In fact, it seemed to make a lot of sense, but inside, it felt hard. Inside it felt like the hardest thing in the world. To just let go, and not pick everything to death. To just let go and enjoy what you had. To just let go and not make everybody around you miserable with your own internal dialogue. To just let go and be happy. So simple. So difficult. So terrifying.”
  


      “Pick a sunset, and we'll ride off into it together.”
  

      “Man does not strive for happiness; only the Englishman does that.”
  


      “We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it”
  


      “There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.”
  

      “Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.[Eddie Scissons]”
  


      “Your beliefs have the power to unlock your inner genius or keep you from fully achieving your greatest potential.”
  


      “While amidst the crowd and seeking quieteness in another zone you can still get away from them by homing in on matters within.”
  

      “I believe that if one man were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream - I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that we would forget all the maladies of medievalism, and return to the Hellenic ideal - to something finer, richer, than the Hellenic ideal, it may be. But the bravest man amongst us is afraid of himself. The mutilation of the savage has its tragic survival in the self-denial that mars our lives. We are punished for our refusals.”
  

      “Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.”
  



      “The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”
  

      “The basic mistake people make is to think that happiness is the goal!”
  


      “Of the gladdest moments in human life, methinks, is the departure upon a distant journey into unknown lands. Shaking off with one mighty effort the fetters of Habit, the leaden weight of Routine, the cloak of many Cares and the slavery of Civilization, man feels once more happy.”
  

      “Percy wakes me (fourteen)Percy wakes me and I am not ready.He has slept all night under the covers.Now he’s eager for action: a walk, then breakfast.So I hasten up. He is sitting on the kitchen counter Where he is not supposed to be. How wonderful you are, I say. How clever, if you  Needed me,  To wake me. He thought he would a lecture and deeply  His eyes begin to shine.He tumbles onto the couch for more compliments.He squirms and squeals: he has done something  That he needed  And now he hears that it is okay. I scratch his ears. I turn him over And touch him everywhere. He isWild with the okayness of it. Then we walk, then He has breakfast, and he is happy.This is a poem about Percy.This is a poem about more than Percy.Think about it.”
  


      “When our emotional health is in a bad state, so is our level of self-esteem. We have to slow down and deal with what is troubling us, so that we can enjoy the simple joy of being happy and at peace with ourselves.”
  


      “Many people see happiness only in their future.”
  


      “What I'm feeling, I think, is joy. And it's been some time since I've felt that blinkered rush of happiness, This might be one of those rare events that lasts, one that'll be remembered and recalled as months and years wind and ravel. One of those sweet, significant moments that leaves a footprint in your mind. A photograph couldn't ever tell its story. It's like something you have to live to understand. One of those freak collisions of fizzing meteors and looming celestial bodies and floating debris and one single beautiful red ball that bursts into your life and through your body like an enormous firework. Where things shift into focus for a moment, and everything makes sense. And it becomes one of those things inside you, a pearl among sludge, one of those big exaggerated memories you can invoke at any moment to peel away a little layer of how you felt, like a lick of ice cream. The flavor of grace.”
  


      “If it is possible to die of grief then why on earth can't someone be healed by happiness?”
  


      “Grief helps you come to grips with the loss of a loved one. Guilt helps you make better moral decisions or bring you to apologise for a wrongdoing. In proper doses, these types of negative emotions are necessary and healthy.”
  

      “Once more I realized to what an extent earthly happiness is made to the measure of man. It is not a rare bird which we must pursue at one moment in heaven, at the next in our minds. Happiness is a domestic bird found in our own courtyards.”
  


      “There is one kind of laugh that I always did recommend; it looks out of the eye first with a merry twinkle, then it creeps down on its hands and knees and plays around the mouth like a pretty moth around the blaze of a candle, then it steals over into the dimples of the cheeks and rides around in those whirlpools for a while, then it lights up the whole face like the mellow bloom on a damask rose, then it swims up on the air, with a peal as clear and as happy as a dinner-bell, then it goes back again on gold tiptoes like an angel out for an airing, and it lies down on its little bed of violets in the heart where it came from.”
  

      “…she had nothing to do but to forgive herself and be happier than ever…”
  


      “Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
  


      “How does one craft happiness out of something as important, as complicated, as unrepeatable and as easily damaged as life?”
  


      “What did it matter if he existed for two or for twenty years? Happiness was the fact that he had existed.”
  


      “There is no greater misery than false joys.”
  

      “The Law of Attraction is a theory. Cosmic Ordering is a practice putting that theory to work.”
  

      “Our country in general assumes that "the pursuit of happiness" really means "the pursuit of pleasure" and that therefore pleasure is the greatest good.”
  


      “Jean was visited by one of her rare moments of happiness, one of those moments when the goodness of God was so real to her that it was like taste and scent; the rough strong taste of honey in the comb and the scent of water. Her thoughts of God had a homeliness that at times seemed shocking, in spite of their power, which could rescue her from terror or evil with an ease that astonished her.”
  


      “Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
  


      “[...]eu nunca tive porra de ideal nenhum, eu só queria era salvar a minha, veja só que coisa mais individualista elitista capitalista, eu só queria era ser feliz, cara, gorda, burra, alienada e completamente feliz.”
  

      “But there was happiness elsewhere which no description can reach.”
  


      “The world is so full of a number of things, I am sure we should all be as happy as kings. The world is full of happiness, and plenty to go round, if you are only willing to take the kind that comes your way.”
  


      “I hate you. I wish you was dead."Mrs. Carey gasped. He said the words so savagely that it gave her quite a start. She had nothing to say. She sat down in her husband's chair; and as she thought of her desire to love the friendless, crippled boy and her eager wish that he should love her--she was a barren woman and, even though it was clearly God's will that she should be childless, she could scarcely bear to look at little children sometimes, her heart ached so--the tears rose to her eyes and one by one, slowly, rolled down her cheeks. Philip watched her in amazement. She took out her handkerchief, and now she cried without restraint. Suddenly Philip realised that she was crying because of what he had said, and he was sorry. He went up to her silently and kissed her. It was the first kiss he had ever given herwithout being asked. And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.”
  

      “I want to be careful not to throw all this away. This is happiness. I think this is what happiness is. I haven't got it yet, but I can sense it out there. I feel I'm close to it. Some days, I'm so close I can almost smell it.”
  


      “The key to happiness? Find someone who would rather you be happy than themselves and then you treat them the same way. That way, no matter what, you are both trying to insure the OTHER person's happiness and in turn, yours is undeniable.”
  

      “If all our happiness is bound up entirely in our personal circumstances it is difficult not to demand of life more than it has to give.”
  

      “I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
  


      “When you are in a room with Kurtis, whether its one or a hundred he is the only person that matters.”
  


      “Many people are so poor that the only thing they have is money. Cultivate your spiritual growth.”
  



      “Happiness is the most tired word in any language.”
  

      “... but happiness is to joy as an electric light bulb is to the sun. Happiness always has an object, you're happy because of something, it's a condition whose existence depends on external things. Joy, on the other hand, has no object. It seizes you for no apparent reason, it's like the sun, its burning is fueled by its own heart.”
  


      “#1487: Hug a cow.”
  


      “And wasn't it this bright boy you selected for beating and tortures after hours? Of course it was. We must all be alike. Not everyone born free and equal, as the Constitution says, but everyone made equal. Each man the image of every other; then all are happy, for their are no mountains to make them cower, to judge themselves against. So! A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. Burn it. Take the shot from the weapon. Breach man's mind. Who knows who might be the target of the well-read man? Me? I won't stomach them for a minute. And so when houses were finally fireproofed completely, all over the world (you were correct in your assumption the other night) there was no longer need of firemen for the old purposes. They were given the new job, as custodians of our peace of mind, the focus of our understandable and rightful dread of being inferior: official censors, judges and executors. That's you, Montag, and that's me.”
  


      “O seasons, O castles,What soul is without flaws?All its lore is known to me,Felicity, it enchants us all.”
  


      “Our ancestors derived less from life than we do, but they also expected much less and were less intent on controlling the future. We are of the arrogant generations who believe a lasting happiness was promised to us at birth. Promised? By whom?”
  


      “Nothing succeeds like indifference to success.”
  

      “Happiness is an illusion, Natalie. It doesn't actually exist.""Of course it does," I said. "It's what you feel when you're not sad.""That's unconsciousness. And I'm pretty sure that I'm miserable when I am unconscious, too.”
  


      “I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it.”
  


      “Live near to God, and so all things will appear to you little In comparison to eternal realities.--”
  

      “The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
  

      “I am happy.I have something to accomplish, create, and achieve.I am happy.”
  


      “The important thing for you to remember, Montag, is we're the Happiness Boys, the Dixie Duo, you and I and the others. We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought. We have our fingers in the dike. Hold steady. Don't let the torrent of melancholy and drear philosophy drown our world. We depend on you. I don't think you realize how important you are, we are, to our happy world as it stands now.”
  


      “Enjoy the rainbow while it lasts and don't chase it when it's gone.”
  

      “You know, a few months ago, I made a terrible mistake. I realized something, and instead of crushing the thought the moment it came I... I let it hang on, and now I know it to be true. And I'm afraid it's stuck in my head forever. These are the best days of our lives. It's a terrible thing to know, but I know it.”
  

      “it was dawning on me how uphill a poet's path was, and I confessed to her that if I had to be the choice between being happy or being a poet, I'd choose to be happy.”
  

      “Happiness and joy are not the same. For what does the fervent craving for joy mean? It does not mean that we wish at any cost to experience the psychic state of being joyful. We want to have reason for joy, for an unceasing joy that fills us utterly, sweeps all before it, exceeds all measure.”
  


      “Peace and happiness are powerful weapons against the Egos.”
  

      “Once we got to eating, the idea of happiness returned to me. Not the feeling, the idea. Would a regular girl be happy simply eating a hot meal with a great deal of chew to it? Maybe happiness is a simple thing. Maybe it's as simple as the salty taste of pork, and the vast deal of chewing in it, and how, when the chew is gone, you can still scrape at the bone with your bottom teeth and suck at the marrow.”
  


      “Earthly contemplation means to the Christian, we have said, this above all: that behind all that we directly encounter the Face of the incarnate Logos becomes visible... Contemplation does not ignore the "historical Gethsemane," does not ignore the mystery of evil, guilt and its bloody atonement. The happiness of contemplation is a true happiness, indeed the supreme happiness; but it is founded upon sorrow.”
  


      “Happiness is essentially a gift; we are not the forgers of our own felicity.”
  


      “Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
  


      “Learn to cherish the chase as much as you treasure the trophy.”
  


      “Julia was as happy as Betsy was, almost. One nice thing about Julia was that she rejoiced in other people's luck.”
  


      “Happiness is so nonsynonymous with joy or pleasure that it is not infrequently sought and felt in grief and deprivation.”
  


      “...[A] certain degree of un-understanding (not mis-, but un-) is the only possible sanctuary which one human being can offer to another in the midst of the devastating intimacy of a happy marriage.”
  


      “Happiness: the feeling of being alive.”
  

      “...with a rush of feeling he felt that this must be happiness. As soon as the thought came to him, he fought it back, blaming the whiskey. The very idea was as dangerous as presumptive speech: happiness could not be sought or worried into being, or even fully grasped; it should be allowed its own slow pace so that it passes unnoticed, if it ever comes at all.”
  


      “As we drove off into the moonless night, raindrops danced through our headlights like the fireflies of my childhood. I silently cursed the frailty of happiness and doubted whether it ever existed for me. I could remember happier times, though, and those memories fluttered about my mind like fireflies, beckoning with their elusive splendor. But chasing memories held no more promise than catching fireflies. The pursued feelings either vanished or lost their magic upon examination, hardly the green-glowing beauty seen at a distance. So I looked ahead of me and dreamed on into the darkness, hoping to one day find someone who would love me.”
  


      “Listen, Harriet. I do unterstand. I know you don't want either to give or to take ... You don't want ever again to have to depend for happiness on another person.""That's true. That's the truest thing you ever said.""All right. I can respect that. Only you've got to play the game. Don't force an emotional situation and then blame me for it.""But I don't want any situation. I want to be left in peace.”
  



      “Heureux sont ceux qui peuvent aimer et haïr sans feinte, sans détour, sans nuance.”
  


      “Men who give up the common goal of all things that exist, thereby cease to exist themselves. Some may perhaps think it strange that we say that wicked men, who form the majority of men, do not exist; but that is how it is. I am not trying to deny the wickedness of the wicked; what I do deny is that their existence is absolute and complete existence. Just as you might call a corpse a dead man, but couldn't simply call it a man, so I would agree that the wicked are wicked, but could not agree that they have unqualified existence.”
  


      “في الفرح عدوى ، تمامًا كالحماسة والحب ، أو الحزن أو الاكتئاب أو الكراهية”
  


      “Wherein lies happiness? In that which becksOur ready minds to fellowship divine,A fellowship with essence; till we shine,Full alchemiz’d, and free of space. BeholdThe clear religion of heaven!”
  

      “لم يربط الناس دائمًا الواقع بالحزن وكأن من المفروض أن يكون الجميع تعساء”
  


      “Das Glück ist das einzige, das sich verdoppelt, wenn man es teilt.”
  

      “Happiness is like time and space--we make and measure it ourselves; it is a fancy--as big, as little, as you please; just a thing of contrasts and comparisons, like health or strength or beauty or any other good--that wouldn't even be noticed but for sad personal experience of its opposite!--or its greater!”
  

      “At some point in the night she had a dream. Or it was possible that she was partially awake, and was only remembering a dream? She was alone among the rocks on a dark coast beside the sea. The water surged upward and fell back languidly, and in the distance she heard surf breaking slowly on a sandy shore. It was comforting to be this close to the surface of the ocean and gaze at the intimate nocturnal details of its swelling and ebbing. And as she listened to the faraway breakers rolling up onto the beach, she became aware of another sound entwined with the intermittent crash of waves: a vast horizontal whisper across the bossom of the sea, carrying an ever-repeated phrase, regular as a lighthouse flashing: Dawn will be breaking soon. She listened a long time: again and again the scarcely audible words were whispered across the moving water. A great weight was being lifted slowly from her; little by little her happiness became more complete, and she awoke. Then she lay for a few minutes marveling the dream, and once again fell asleep.”
  


      “Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.”
  

      “There is no such thing as escape after all, only an exchange of one set of difficulties for another. It wasn't Mark or the farm or marriage I was trying to shake loose from but my own imperfect self, and even if I kept moving, she would dog me all the way around the world, forever.”
  


      “However powerful our technology and complex our corporations, the most remarkable feature of the modern working world may in the end be internal, consisting in an aspect of our mentalities: in the widely held belief that our work should make us happy. All societies have had work at their centre; ours is the first to suggest that it could be something more than a punishment or a penance. Ours is the first to imply that we should seek to work even in the absence of a financial imperative.”
  


      “Fate would never permit happiness to a man of such talent-a content poet is a mediocre one, a happy poet is insufferable.”
  

      “It required all his delicate Epicurean education to prevent his doing something about it; he had to repeat over to himself his favorite notions: that the injustice and unhappiness in the world is a constant; that the theory of progress is a delusion; that the poor, never having known happiness, are insensible to misfortune. Like all the rich he could not bring himself to believe that the poor (look at their houses, look at their clothes) could really suffer. Like all the cultivated he believed that only the widely read could be said to know that they were unhappy.”
  


      “No other thing or no other person is going to make me happy in life, I just have to do that myself.”
  

      “The kind of happy I was that day at the Vet when "Hawk" Dawson actually doffed his red "C" cap to me, and everyone cheered and practically convulsed into tears - you can't patent that. It was one shining moment of glory that was instantly gone. Whereas life, real life, is different and can't even be appraised as simply "happy", but only in terms of "Yes, I'll take it all, thanks" or "No, I believe I won't." Happy, as my poor father used to say, is a lot of hooey. Happy is a circus clown, a sitcom, a greeting card. Life, though, life's about something sterner. But also something better. A lot better. Believe me.”
  


      “Nijedna tuđa sreća nije bez pomalo sreće i za nas druge. Zato je jedna velika mudrost od tuđe sreće praviti sreću i za sebe.”
  

      “It must be nice to be so strong and to think it's because you're so good, that you live right and eat right, so you deserve your health and happiness. But there is such a thing as luck, and there's more bad luck than good in this world.”
  


      “One honest John Tompkins, a hedger & ditcher, Although he was poor, did not want to be richer;For all such vain wishes in him were preventedBy a fortunate habit of being contented.”
  

      “A felicidade nunca é graciosa.Happiness is never gracious.”
  

      “My dear Scipio and Laelius. Men, of course, who have no resources in themselves for securing a good and happy life find every age burdensome. But those who look for all happiness from within can never think anything bad which Nature makes inevitable.”
  

      “When you've succeeded, you'd say:'Indeed I'd to go through those hell before fit into all of this happiness.”
  


      “Human unhappiness is evidence of our immortality.”
  


      “If you investigate the matter deeply enough and widely enough, you will find that happiness eludes nearly all men despite the fact that they are forever seeking it. The fortunate and successful few are those who have stopped seeking with the ego alone and allow the search to be directed inwardly by the higher self. They alone can find a happiness unblemished by defects or deficiencies, a Supreme Good which is not a further source of pain and sorrow but an endless source of satisfaction and peace.”
  


      “عندما تأتي الأيام السوداء التي لا تخلف موعدها أبدًا ، لنتذكر بأن السعادة ليست اختراعًا اختلقه الساذجون ، ليخدعوا به أنفسهم”
  


      “Das Glück ist nicht in den Dingen, die wir besitzen, sondern in den Dingen, die zu besitzen wir glauben.”
  

      “Happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic.”
  


      “The amusements of life, he argued, should be accepted with the same philosophy as its ills. ("The Striding Place")”
  


      “Tudo parecia organizado da melhor forma possível, como se de fato o mundo constasse somente de palavras, como se assim o próprio horror fosse trazido para dimensões seguras, como se para cada aspecto de uma coisa houvesse um reverso, para cada mal um bem, para cada dissabor um prazer, para cada infelicidade uma felicidade e para cada mentira um quinhão de verdade.”
  


      “Emmy has embarked on her journey to enrich the world with smiles. They are free, healthy, and often, very contagious.”
  

      “Gratitude was never meant to be an excuse for giving up on the obstacles God has put before you. Some of the most magical things he can bring us require faith and a lot of planning.”
  

      “Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
  

      “If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black. They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
  



      “If you behave in a manner that poisons your relationship, don’t be surprised when it dies.”
  

      “One thing I have come to realize is that love is not always happiness.”
  

      “Claiming to love self, but willingly default to cheating at the first sign of trouble is nothing short of playing yourself. Your ego may feel avenged - temporarily - but your heart and soul, the true self, will suffer the long term affects of karma's justifiable sting.”
  


      “And I find a happiness in the fact of accepting —In the sublimely scientific and difficult fact of accepting the inevitable natural.”
  


      “Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
  

      “If you want more joy in your daily life, smile at the people you meet in the street, the woman sitting beside you on the bus or standing next to you in the queue at the airport, the waiter who brings your food, your colleagues or your employer. There’s a great chance they’ll smile back.”
  


      “And me, standing under the splintered night, catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black, hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night.Its voice cracks,on your name.My eyes close,on your name.”
  


      “XinWey’s Doctrine states that the most essential morality of mankind is to create the greatest amount of happiness among the greatest number of people while using the least amount of resources.”
  


      “Why wait for your happiness to come from your future blessings, when this moment already has all you need to live happily?”
  

      “Truthfulness is a luxury, perhaps the greatest, and let me assure you, the most expensive luxury in our life—and happy the man who has been able to enjoy it from his very child hood.”
  


      “Are you what is called a lucky man? Well, you are sad every day. Each day has its great grief or its little care. Yesterday you were trembling for the health of one who is dear to you, today you fear for your own; tomorrow it will be an anxiety about money, the next day the slanders of a calumniator, the day after the misfortune of a friend; then the weather, then something broken or lost, then a pleasure for which you are reproached by your conscience or your vertebral column; another time, the course of public affairs. Not to mention heartaches. And so on. One cloud is dissipated, another gathers. Hardly one day in a hundred of unbroken joy and sunshine. And you are of that small number who are lucky! As for other men, stagnant night is upon them.”
  


      “We all need a technological detox; we need to throw away our phones and computers instead of using them as our pseudo-defence system for anything that comes our way. We need to be bored and not have anything to use to shield the boredom away from us. We need to be lonely and see what it is we really feel when we are. If we continue to distract ourselves so we never have to face the realities in front of us, when the time comes and you are faced with something bigger than what your phone, food, or friends can fix, you will be in big trouble.”
  


      “We can learn to act and think in ways that sow seeds of our future well-being, gradually becoming more aware of what causes happiness as well as what causes distress.”
  


      “Because what’s lifeWithout happinessAnd where’s happinessWithout risk”
  


      “You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation.Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams.Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait.The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
  


      “Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are”
  

      “Bahwa karena kau menyukai banyak hal sederhana, itu berarti kau akan merasa bahagia karena hal-hal yang sederhana pula.”
  


      “You solely owe success and happiness to yourself. So why not make your inner-self proud of your daily decisions and actions?”
  

      “Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”
  

      “Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness and the happiness of others.”
  


      “Yes: I exist inside my body.I’m not carrying the sun and the moon in my pocket.I don’t want to conquer worlds because I slept badly,And I don’t want to eat the world for breakfast because I have a stomach.Indifferent?No: a son of the earth, who, if he jumps, it’s wrong,A moment in the air that’s not for us,And only happy when his feet hit the ground again,Pow! In reality where nothing’s missing!(6/20/1919)”
  


      “If I die very young, hear this:I was never anything but a kid playing.I was a heathen like the sun and the water,I had the universal religion only people don’t have.I was happy because I didn’t ask for anything at all,Or tried to find anything,And I didn’t find any more explanationThan the word explanation having no meaning at all.”
  


      “There is no higher happiness than peace.”
  


      “To be happy is to be a little bit sad for it is the negative that balances the positive. What is the use of being happy if there is no sadness?”
  

      “Wearing fake happiness is as good as smearing foundation. A bit of moisture drains it all.”
  

      “Those who died while trying to make our world a better place, didn't actually die, they proved some points. Our job is to notice them and continue from where they stopped.”
  

      “Never marry when under the guise you need to 'see if it'll work', but rather marry because in your mind you want to make it work.”
  

      “she slammed the door andwas gone.I looked at the closed doorand at the doorknoband strangelyI didn't feelalone.”
  



      “You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.”
  


      “You are the ruler of my heart. There is no measure greater than this.”
  


      “Never surrender to you're passions. Dream and live to excess.”
  


      “Hope is a dream of which we long to have. Don't let anyone ever tell you that you can't hope for something because hope brings joy and joy brings happiness and its all tied up in a big ball of love.”
  


      “The more material we lose, the less we have. The less we have, the more we win.”
  

      “Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
  

      “L'uomo è infelice perchè è incontentabile.”
  


      “The history of your happiness is the history of your feeling connected.”
  


      “Totally present in this moment for you.”
  


      “The subsistence mentality of a person is a prison in which his personal joy is detained. If you want to live in joy, you don't live for yourself alone. Live for others too!”
  

      “Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.”
  

      “لمثل هذه الساعة سكن الأَرض حيث الناس يولدون أَبدًا, وأَبدًا يموتون, وبين الولادة والموت يفتشون عن عنقاء تدعى "السعادة", ولكنهم إِليها لا يستهدون.”
  


      “In stating these matters, I speak an open and disinterested language, dictated by no passion but that of humanity. To me, who have not only refused offers, because I thought them improper, but have declined rewards I might with reputation have accepted, it is no wonder that meanness and imposition appear disgustful. Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
  


      “The joy from eating does not come from the exclusivity of the food, but instead from the sensitivity that we eat it with.”
  


      “It’s that short-lived happiness, which empowers us to bear; long-lasting pain in living.”
  

      “No child should ever be too sad to play.”
  


      “Happiness is a gift which is priceless,You can only receive itif you can give it....”
  

      “Meditation makes us happier!”
  

      “The sage is sick of being sick (Tao Te Ching)”
  


      “The truth will set you free (The Bible)”
  


      “Everything that God sends us is beautiful, even though we may not understand it - and we only need to give it some proper thought to see that what God gives is just sheer happiness; the suffering is what we add to it.”
  


      “Vronsky saw nothing and no one. He felt himself as a king, not because she had made an impression on Anna-he did not yet believe that-but because the impression she had made on him gave him happiness and pride.”
  


      “I've been quite happy. Look, here are my proofs. Remember that I am indifferent to discomforts which would harass other folk. What do the circumstances of life matter if your dreams make you lord paramount of time and space?”
  

      “In a beautiful morning, walking barefoot to the work through the green fields with the company of the singing birds... and there you shall meet the real happiness!”
  

      “...look with-in (Jesus)”
  


      “Live happily thinking about those millions of good people god blessed you with not about the one person he took away from you. :)There is a reason behind every decision god makes. And in the end he plans to make you anything but happy :)”
  

      “To be happy in absolute terms, along with our happiness, all the world must be happy so that we don’t have to worry for anyone!”
  

      “Pero me sobran motivos para ser feliz. Sobre todo cuando estoy en los brazos de mis tres misses. Son tres gentiles damas a las que se llega cuando las cosas adquieren una claridad inusitada: Miss Antropía, Miss Oginia y Miss Eria; pero no las comparto, como hago con el resto de mis mujeres.”
  


      “Nobody can give you happiness than yourself.”
  

      “Contrary to what we usually believe, moments like these, the best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that wemake happen. For a child, it could be placing with trembling fingers the last blockon a tower she has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a swimmer, it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist, mastering an intricate musical passage. For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges to expand ourselves.”
  



      “They seemed to come suddenly upon happiness as if they had surprised a butterfly in the winter woods.”
  


      “The law of sacrifice postulates that we need to give in order to receive ... Cosmic Ordering says, receive before you give.”
  


      “The happiest people don’t bother about whether life is unfair. They just concentrate on what they have.”
  


      “I am wealth, I am abundance, I am Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “I am who I am because the tears of my past have watered the magnificence of my present.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering does not judge you.”
  


      “Good thoughts can become reality with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering life is a field of unlimited possibilities.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering you can keep your luxuries and ask for more.”
  


      “There I am, in the Grade Six class picture, smiling broadly. Happy as a clam, is what my mother says for happy. I am happy as a clam: hardshelled, firmly closed.”
  


      “That’s the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
  


      “Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your lifeH – HarassH – HamperH – HurtH – HarmH – HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
  


      “Do you want to retire early rich or retire late poor? Cosmic Ordering answers the first question!”
  


      “Loving my son, building my son, touching my son, playing with my son, being with my son… these aren’t tasks that only super dads can perform. These are tasks that every dad should perform. Always. Without fail.”
  


      “Le ChatJe souhaite dans ma maison:Une femme ayant sa raison.Un chat passant parmi les livres.Des amis en toute saisonSans lesquels je ne peux pas vivre.”
  


      “We all need something that takes us out of day to day and reminds us that it's all ok."Ian Tucker ”
  


      “Riches will come when you follow Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Benar. Kita tak pernah lagi menjumpai kebahagiaan yang setara dengan kebahagiaan masa kanak-kanak kita." Pablo mengangguk sedih.”
  


      “Silver surfers ... nah, that's old hat. Retire a gold surfer with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The universe is full of magical things to be manifested with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Si quieres que tus deseos duren, tienes que pedir algo que te haga feliz y no la felicidad.”
  


      “When you are stressed on mind...to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!”
  


      “Anyone believing in Cosmic Ordering wants for nothing.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is absent in body but present in spirit.”
  


      “If you say you can't, you won't!The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering cultivates prosperity daily.”
  


      “If there was no Cosmic Ordering then it would have been necessary to invent it.”
  


      “Eve was happy for her bestie. She just wished she had a guy who would look at her the way Seth looked at her friend, eyes all starry.No, that wasn't it. Or it wasn't completely it. Eve knew there were guys at school who liked her and would give her the Seth-look if she gave them the opportunity. But she didn't want the look from any of those guys. She wanted the look she could give the look back to. She wanted to find a guy she could all-out love who would all-out love her back.”
  


      “Whatever one does, someone is always happy...then again, someone else is not pleased”
  

      “The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
  



      “Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!”
  


      “If you have made mistakes in life there’s always another chance with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Panic, fear, worry, doubt, negativity ... words not recognized by Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is with you in all that you do.”
  


      “Believe all things are possible With Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The greatest barrier to wealth creation is the denial of Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering will never forsake you.”
  


      “The grass withers, the flower fades, but Cosmic Ordering stands forever.”
  


      “A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!”
  


      “Twenty years from now you will be disappointed you never used Cosmic Ordering today.”
  


      “Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
  


      “You didn’t fail, you just didn’t use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!”
  


      “Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “To fail is a natural consequence of trying, to succeed is a natural consequence of Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Failure is a steppingstone to poverty, Cosmic Ordering is an elevator to success.”
  


      “Forget being a bad failure, use Cosmic Ordering and be good at success.”
  


      “The key to failure is ignoring Cosmic Ordering.”
  

      “Failure is a detour on the way to using Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “On the road to success some will always expect tragedy ... ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “It’s payday every day of the week with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering success sticks to you like mud to a blanket.”
  


      “In Cosmic Ordering, we put our trust”
  


      “To make Cosmic Ordering work you have to start using it.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering it’s not only your wealth that grows, your mind does too!”
  


      “Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
  



      “Time is priceless, Cosmic Ordering is limitless.”
  


      “What might have been can be with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The mode by which the impossible is reached is Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Time is a great teacher, but Cosmic Ordering is a great provider.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking your potential.”
  


      “There’s the impossible and then there’s Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “If your only goal is to become rich then use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “If you want to be on Forbes Rich List, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Believe and achieve with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Don’t wait for success, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The fastest way to double your money is to use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Don’t waste time making money ... use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Forget hard work, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Change your life! Wake up and smell the Cosmic Ordering success.”
  


      “OK you maybe can't buy happiness with Cosmic Ordering, but it's much better crying in a mansion than in a hovel.”
  


      “Wake up and smell the wealth with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is your one way ticket to prosperity.”
  


      “Wealth is a by-product of Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Time is the wisest counselor of all, but Cosmic Ordering is the biggest provider.”
  


      “Don’t just wish you were rich, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “When you have done your best and still failed, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Lessen the odds are stacked against you, Use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering, the best days of your life are always ahead of you.”
  


      “A Cosmic Ordering beginning makes a wealthy ending.”
  


      “Forget the secrets of success, use Cosmic Ordering instead.”
  


      “Defeat the warriors of patience and time with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “The great dividing line between success and failure is Cosmic Ordering”
  


      “You can forget trying to climb the success ladder, all you will ever need in life is brought to you in the Cosmic Ordering elevator.”
  


      “Use Cosmic Ordering now, not as a morning after pill.”
  



      “If you weren’t born with a silver spoon in your mouth, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “When all around you are losing their heads, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “There is no eleventh hour with Cosmic Ordering, only the golden hour.”
  


      “Just a minute, Cosmic Ordering can give you a whole lot more ... a whole lifetime of more.”
  


      “Don’t let time make a fool of you, use Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Take a rain check on poverty with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Sick of lame ducks, use Cosmic Ordering and your ducks will lay golden eggs.”
  


      “There's always a free lunch with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Now your boat comes in every day with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is a licence to print money.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is an ever full piggy bank.”
  


      “The proof of the pudding is in the Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “When you use Cosmic Ordering you will move from cloud nine to cloud ten.”
  


      “It’s a red sky every night with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering you will never eat humble pie again.”
  


      “No need to steal someone’s thunder, with Cosmic Ordering you can make your own.”
  


      “Sweep the board with Cosmic Ordering Success.”
  


      “Now beggars can be choosers with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “No more need to rob Peter to pay Paul with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Now you can build Rome in a day with Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “With Cosmic Ordering you can count your chickens before they have hatched.”
  


      “All in good time is something Cosmic Ordering does not follow.”
  


      “The first law of attraction is use Cosmic Ordering now.”
  


      “Hope might grant you a wish in the nick of time, Cosmic Ordering grants them all the time.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is a dish best served today.”
  


      “Rome wasn’t built in a day, but that's because they never used Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Forget about letting nature taking its course to make you wealthy, Cosmic Ordering works faster.”
  


      “Wealth creation is 10% of what you know and 90% Cosmic Ordering.”
  


      “Cosmic Ordering is like an echo! What you ask for comes back.”
  


      “Unhappy parents teach you a lesson that lasts a lifetime.”
  

      “The lack of power to take joy in outdoor nature is as real a misfortune as the lack of power to take joy in books”
  

      “You will have fewer regrets in life if you start focusing and taking responsiblity for where you are and where you want to be.”
  

      “I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.”
  



      “...because all happiness is contagious, and disarms the spirit of hatred.”
  


      “The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
  


      “Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
  


      “I look at the hundreds of algebra problems facing me in the next three days.And here I thought I’d figured out the equation to my happiness.”
  


      “أهم يجلبون البهجة معهم أم....نحن نشعر بالبهجة فى وجودهم...؟؟^_^”
  

      “When I take a break, even just a brief one, the creative energy flows in. Only then do I have anything of value to share with others. Once I recognized this, I stopped feeling guilty about taking time for myself.”
  

      “Don’t think about happiness. If it doesn’t come, there’s no disappointment; if it does come, it’s a surprise.”
  

      “As the poet says, all happy couples are alike, it's the unhappy ones who create the stories. I'm no longer a story. Happiness has made me fade into real life.”
  


      “One thing a man must have: either a naturally light disposition or a disposition lightened by art and knowledge.”
  


      “Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.”
  

      “You know, happiness isn't a permanent state. Neither is unhappiness. There's a flow, back and forth”
  


      “Connection is life; disconnection, death.”
  

      “Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
  


      “Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.”
  


      “Being truly happy in life involves you feeling more in control of the direction your life is going.”
  

      “count no man happy until he be dead.”
  

      “Yes - it was happiness she still wanted, and the glimpse she had caught of it made everything else of no account. One by one she had detached herself from the baser possibilities , and she saw that nothing now remained to her but the emptiness of renunciation. "The House of Mirth”
  

      “i'm too lazy to go find happiness,but i'm sure it will swing by sometime”
  

      “Never been more truthful then right now, looking at you fixes everything.”
  

      “The person with the least worry over the compromises he must make is, of course, the person who doesn't compromise.”
  


      “100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
  


      “The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
  

      “When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
  


      “Have fun life is better that way.”
  

      “Toate familiile fericite se aseamănă între ele. Fiecare familie nefericită este nefericită în felul ei.”
  


      “Yo no nací dichoso. De niño, mi himno favorito era: «Cansado del mundo y con el peso de mis pecados». A los cinco años yo pensaba que si había de vivir setenta no había pasado aún más que la catorceava parte de mi vida vital, y me parecía casi insoportable la enorme cantidad de aburrimiento que me aguardaba. En la adolescencia la vida me era odiosa, y estaba continuamente al borde del suicidio, del cual me libré gracias al deseo de saber más matemáticas. Hoy, por el contrario, gusto de la vida, y casi estoy por decir que cada año que pasa la encuentro más gustosa. Esto es debido, en parte, a haber descubierto cuáles eran las cosas que deseaba más y haber adquirido gradualmente muchas de ellas. En parte es debido también a haberme desprendido, felizmente, de ciertos deseos (la adquisición del conocimiento indudable acerca de algo) como esencialmente inasequibles. Pero en la mayor parte se debe a la preocupación, cada día menor, de mí mismo.”
  


      “Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
  



      “There are as many styles of beauty as there are visions of happiness.”
  


      “Why are you unhappy?Because 99.9 percent of everything you think, and of everything you do, is for yourself—and there isn’t one.”
  

      “An afternoon drive from Los Angeles will take you up into the high mountains, where eagles circle above the forests and the cold blue lakes, or out over the Mojave Desert, with its weird vegetation and immense vistas. Not very far away are Death Valley, and Yosemite, and Sequoia Forest with its giant trees which were growing long before the Parthenon was built; they are the oldest living things in the world. One should visit such places often, and be conscious, in the midst of the city, of their surrounding presence. For this is the real nature of California and the secret of its fascination; this untamed, undomesticated, aloof, prehistoric landscape which relentlessly reminds the traveller of his human condition and the circumstances of his tenure upon the earth. "You are perfectly welcome," it tells him, "during your short visit. Everything is at your disposal. Only, I must warn you, if things go wrong, don't blame me. I accept no responsibility. I am not part of your neurosis. Don't cry to me for safety. There is no home here. There is no security in your mansions or your fortresses, your family vaults or your banks or your double beds. Understand this fact, and you will be free. Accept it, and you will be happy.”
  


      “Sex parties, alcohol and drugs lost their appeal to Sven after a while. Music never did, in his continual search for that sober connection--intimacy with one person over a long period of time, as opposed to periods of intimacy with a bunch of random faces.”
  


      “But to appear happy when I am so miserable — Oh! who can require it?”
  


      “He brewed his tea in a blue china pot, poured it into a chipped white cup with forget-me-nots on the handle, and dropped in a dollop of honey and cream. He sat by the window, cup in hand, watching the first snow fall. "I am," he sighed deeply, "contented as a clam. I am a most happy man.”
  


      “He found himself remembering how on one summer morning they two had started from New York in search of happiness. They had never expected to find it, perhaps, yet in itself that quest had been happier than anything he expected forevermore. Life, it seemed, must be a setting up of props around one - otherwise it was disaster. There was no rest, no quiet. He had been futile in longing to drift and dream, no one drifted except to maelstroms, no one dreamed, without his dreams becoming fantastic nightmares of indecision and regret.”
  


      “I think now that this is the great division between people. There are people who find life hard and those who find it easy. There are those who have a natural, in-built, expectation of happiness, and there are those who feel that happiness is not to be expected: that it is not, in fact, one of the rights of man. Nor, God knows, one of the rights of women.”
  


      “There must be some other possibility than death or lifelong penance ... some meeting, some intersection of lines; and some cowardly, hopeful geometer in my brain tells me it is the angle at which two lines prop each other up, the leaning-together from the vertical which produces the false arch. For lack of a keystone, the false arch may be as much as one can expect in this life. Only the very lucky discover the keystone.”
  


      “Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
  


      “The materialistic view of happiness of our age starkly revealed in our understanding of the word "luxury.”
  

      “It's one thing thinking something and another thing knowing it.”
  


      “I was uncomfortable enough. I was very uncomfortable, I may say unhappy.”
  


      “I will not talk of my own happiness,' said he, 'great as it is, for I think only of yours. Compared with you, who has the right to be happy?”
  


      “We need but little learning to live happily.”
  

      “Marriage is a wonderful invention; but then again so is a bicycle repair kit.”
  

      “Nobody's happy. What's happy? Happiness is over when the lights come on”
  

      “Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.”
  

      “Used in a personal sense, the phrase 'achieve an end' seemed to her a small-minded snare. She preferred the word life, and, on rare occasions, happiness.”
  


      “It's more important to be free than to be happy.”
  


      “To pursue happiness for its own sake is the surest way to lose it.”
  

      “That sense of happiness just out beyond my reach - I'm not sure I'd grasped that exactly, but I'd got something close to it, contentment maybe, or at least a functioning routine with regular rewards.”
  


      “The thought of all that happiness was hard to bear. What's the point of happiness when all it does is throw the facts of dying into clear relief?”
  


      “Sharing is caring.”
  

      “It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others.”
  


      “(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)”
  


      “She had received ideas which disposed her to be courteous and kind to all, and to pity every one, as being less happy than herself.”
  


      “…for I look upon the Frasers to be about as unhappy as most other married people.”
  


      “Life is a journey worth making.”
  

      “If the entire world sought to make itself worthy of happiness rather than make itself happy, then the entire world would be happy.”
  



      “Happyish. Well, happyish isn't so bad.''It's the most we can hope for.”
  


      “Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.”
  


      “يبدو أننا أحياناً نفضل أن ندور حول رغباتنا بدلاً من الاعتراف بها لأنفسنا والمجاهرة بها، حتى لا نتحمل في سبيل ذلك بعض العناء كضريبة ضرورية لنيل ما نريد ،أو لأننا نغمغم لأنفسنا بما نرغب ونترقب من الأقدار أن تهبه لنا بغير أن نبدو نحن ساعين إليه أو متلهفين عليه لأننا نخجل أن نجاهر به و-"الخياط العظيم لا يقص كثيراً " كما يقول المثل الصيني ،وإنما يمضي إلى هدفه المحدد بلا تردد فلا يقطع إلا ما يتطلبه تحقيق هذا الهدف أما نحن فإننا نقص في إتجاهات مختلفة وبعيدة عن الهدف الذي نتمناه صامتين وننتظر من يرغمنا على السعادة التي نعرفها ونريدها من أعماقنا”
  


      “Happy the hare at morning, for she cannot readThe hunter's waking thoughts.”
  


      “Repose, leisure, peace, belong among the elements of happiness. If we have not escaped from harried rush, from mad pursuit, from unrest, from the necessity of care, we are not happy. And what of contemplation? Its very premise is freedom from the fetters of workaday busyness. Moreover, it itself actualizes this freedom by virtue of being intuition.”
  


      “The positive vibrations of unregulated joy, peace, happiness and tranquility is freedom.”
  


      “When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
  

      “Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation...Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.”
  


      “As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
  


      “Sonnez, grelots; sonnez, clochettes; sonnez, cloches!Car mon rêve impossible a pris corps et je l’aiEntre mes bras pressé : le Bonheur, cet ailéVoyageur qui de l’Homme évite les approches,- Sonnez grelots; sonnez, clochettes, sonnez, cloches!Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi;Mais la FATALITÉ ne connaît point de trêve :Le ver est dans le fruit, le réveil dans le rêve,Et le remords est dans l’amour : telle est la loi.- Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi.”
  


      “Pats cīnies, palīdz, domā, spried un sver,Pats esi kungs, pats laimei – durvis ver!”
  

      “The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
  


      “And this is not the happiness of a magazine writer who sends in his gay little philosophy of life to the editor for the one paragraph spread in front of the magazine: This is a serious happiness full of doubts and strengths. I wonder if happiness is possible. It is a state of mind, but I'd hate to be a bore all my life, if only because of those I love around me. Happiness can change into unhappiness just for the sake of change.”
  


      “-Do you think artists are supposed to be happy? -Everyone is supposed to be. -I said staunchly,and I knew that I was indeed an idiot and that was my destiny and I didn't mind it”
  


      “Tout bonheur est un chef-d'oeuvre: la moindre erreur le fausse, la moindre hésitation l'altère, la moindre lourder le dépare, la moindre sottise l'abêtit.”
  


      “If you can't see a benefit of the challenges in the present, know that you're giving a present to your future." —Bright Side Up: 100 Ways to Be Happier Right Now”
  

      “Happiness is what matters, feeling alive-not art or knowledge or money.”
  

      “Some of the most memorable, and least regrettable, nights of my own youth were spent in coon hunting with farmers. There is no denying that these activities contributed to the economy of farm households, but a further fact is that they were pleasures; they were wilderness pleasures, not greatly different from the pleasures pursued by conservationists and wilderness lovers. As I was always aware, my friends the coon hunters were not motivated just by the wish to tree coons and listen to hounds and listen to each other, all of which were sufficiently attractive; they were coon hunters also because they wanted to be afoot in the woods at night. Most of the farmers I have known, and certainly the most interesting ones, have had the capacity to ramble about outdoors for the mere happiness of it, alert to the doings of the creatures, amused by the sight of a fox catching grasshoppers, or by the puzzle of wild tracks in the snow.”
  


      “That no man can truly imagine being happy and that's why happiness isn't for sale here.”
  


      “أنصِتْ ، كيف أنّ الأصوات الصافية تنشد الوجع و البهجة !”
  


      “I do not think the sunny youth of either will prove the forerunner of stormy age. I think it is deemed good that you two should live in peace and be happy - not as angels but as few are happy amongst mortals. Some lives are thus blessed: it is God's will: it is the attesting trace and lingering evidence of Eden. Other lives run from the first another course. Other travellers encounter weather fitful and gusty wild and variable - breast adverse winds are belated and overtaken by the early closing winter night. Neither can this happen without the sanction of God and I know that amidst His boundless works is somewhere stored the secret of this last fate's justice: I know that His treasures contain the proof as the promise of its mercy.”
  


      “The "supreme good" and its attainment -- that is happiness. And joy is: response to happiness.”
  


      “The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.”
  


      “Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness. Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind... Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.”
  


      “... each gratification points to the ultimate one, and that all happiness has some connection with eternal beatitude. Some connection, if only this: that every fulfillment this side of Heaven instantly reveals its inadequacy. It is immediately evident that such satisfactions are not enough; they are not what we have really sought; they cannot really satisfy us at all.”
  


      “Therefore, for me, living true to my self may be defined as: Making the daily choices in all areas of my life that are in the best interests of my survival, evolution and prosperity, that aid the ongoing achievement of the highest physical, mental and spiritual objectives of which I am capable, that are based on the most correct assessment of reality I have available, and that honor the evolving truth of who I am and who I choose to be, all in the personal pursuit of freedom, function, fun, as well as the highest good of all.”
  


      “The door to heaven is open to us at any time we are willing to accept that we are of absolutely no importance. The bars of our own hell - the “mind-forged manacles” as Blake put it - are our attempts to justify ourselves or prove our self-worth. Accept that none of this matters and we can see that heaven is all around us. It is there in a child’s smile, in the rain that waters the earth, even in the maggots that rise in new life from dead meat. All around us is evidence that life and love are eternal and unbroken by strife and suffering.”
  


      “disputing nothing is the first step through the difficult door of happiness”
  


      “Yet some happiness must and would arise, from the very conviction, that he did suffer.”
  


      “No other technique for the conduct of life attaches the individual so firmly to reality as laying emphasis on work; for his work at least gives him a secure place in a portion of reality, in the human community. The possibility it offers of displacing a large amount of libidinal components, whether narcissistic, aggressive or even erotic, on to professional work and on to the human relations connected with it lends it a value by no means second to what it enjoys as something indispensible to the preservation and justification of existence in society. Professional activity is a source of special satisfaction if it is a freely chosen one — if, that is to say, by means of sublimation, it makes possible the use of existing inclinations, of persisting or constitutionally reinforced instinctual impulses. And yet, as a path to happiness, work is not highly prized by men. They do not strive after it as they do after other possibilities of satisfaction. The great majority of people only work under the stress of necessity, and this natural human aversion to work raises most difficult social problems.”
  



      “We, Equality 7-2521, were not happy in those year in the Home of the Students. It was not that the learning was too hard for us. It was that the learning was too easy. This is a great sin, to be born with a head which is too quick. It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them. The Teachers told us so, and they frowned when they looked at us.”
  


      “My art is that of the 35mm kind; my poetry is of the lead and ink kind; my happiness is of the product of both; and my legacy is of the story of my soul, that my life left behind”
  

      “My mind to me a kingdom is,Such present joys therein I find,That it excels all other blissThat world affords or grows by kind.Though much I want which most would have,Yet still my mind forbids to crave.”
  

      “The gods, so says the old superstition, do not like to behold too happy mortals. It is certain, at least, that some human beings do not.”
  


      “يتم الوصول الى السعادة بطريقة من ثلاث:الأولى :وجود شيء تتطلع إليه أو تترقبه , الثانية :بالمشاركة ,الثالثة : جعل شخص آخر سعيدا.”
  


      “He stared to sea. "I gave up all ideas of practicing medicine. In spite of what I have just said about the wave and the water, in those years in France I am afraid I lived a selfish life. That is, I offered myself every pleasure. I traveled a great deal. I lost some money dabbling in the theatre, but I made much more dabbling on the Bourse. I gained a great many amusing friends, some of whom are now quite famous. But I was never very happy. I suppose I was fortunate. It took me only five years to discover what some rich people never discover — that we all have a certain capacity for happiness and unhappiness. And that the economic hazards of life do not seriously affect it.”
  


      “The gold you have to dig for is not the real gold.”
  

      “How can one explain this trend towards a more colorless and shallow life? Well, the work was easier, if less healthy, and it brought in more money, more leisure, and perhaps more entertainment. A day in the country is long and hard. And yet the fruits of their present life were worthless compared to a single coin of their former life: a rest in the evening and a rural festivity. That they no longer knew the old kind of happiness was obvious from the discontentment which spread over their features. Soon dissatisfaction, prevailing over all their other moods, became their religion.”
  


      “He wished someone in the course of history had thought of striking that word and all its derivatives from the English Language - happy, happier, happiest, happiness. What the devil did the words really mean anyway? Why not just the word pleasure, which was far more... well, pleasant.”
  


      “[K]urzes Glück: Es ist wohl kein anderes denkbar [...]”
  


      “Small Moth...She's slicing ripe white peachesinto the Tony the Tiger bowland dropping slivers for the dogpoised vibrating by her foot to stop their fallwhen she spots it, camouflaged,a glimmer and then full on-happiness, plashing blunt soft wingsinside her as if it wantsto escape again.”
  

      “Ahora sabemos que las cosas buenas ocurren, que los sueños a veces se cumplen, que los deseos pueden hacerse realidad y de nosotros depende no olvidarlo para poder meterle un gol a esa portería invisible del día a día.”
  

      “Asymmetrie [macht] Menschen unglücklich.”
  


      “At liminality, at a transitional point between his last night dream and reality, he realizes he has made a big mistake and happiness is possible without death. (Coming back to himself.)”
  


      “It is no coincidence that precisely when things started going downhill with the gods, politics gained its bliss-making character. There would be no reason for objecting to this, since the gods, too were not exactly fair. But at least people saw temples instead of termite architecture. Bliss is drawing closer; it is no longer in the afterlife, it will come, though not momentarily, sooner or later in the here and now - in time.The anarch thinks more primitively; he refuses to give up any of his happiness. "Make thyself happy" is his basic law. It his response to the "Know thyself" at the temple of Apollo in Delphi. These two maxims complement each other; we must know our happiness and our measure.”
  


      “...ежели разобраться, что такое счастье? Это - жизнь без страха...(Корнелий Глас)”
  


      “But in that first flush of victory and happiness and relief, and God knows what other emotions were involved in this great moment, we were all very much one, and we were all in a state of euphoria, drunk with our happiness.”
  


      “No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.”
  


      “Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!”
  


      “A fondness for roving, for making a name for themselves in their onw country, and for boasting of what they had seen in their travels, was so strong in our two wanderers, that they resolved to be no longer happy; and demanded permission of the king to leave the country.”
  


      “A thoughtform is rather like electricity … it must first be created and then discharged in order to exist.”
  


      “Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.”
  


      “Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.”
  


      “Being able to unlock your subconscious mind depends on knowing what you want before you can achieve it.”
  


      “When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.”
  


      “Imagine repeating the power words ‘love’ or ‘happiness’ for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.”
  


      “You can create financial abundance by having a positive relationship with money.”
  


      “Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.”
  


      “When you begin to entertain the more positive possibilities, hope for the best, plan for the best and expect the best, your eventual attraction of the best possible circumstances is almost guaranteed.”
  


      “The thing that makes me happy is that I know that on Mars, two hundred years from now, my books are going to be read. They’ll be up on dead Mars with no atmosphere. And late at night, with a flashlight, some little boy is going to peek under the covers and read The Martian Chronicles on Mars.”
  



      “To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.”
  


      “Amidst the dim & desolate backdrop that was my world, a seed of hope bloomed into a garden of joyous wonder.”
  

      “Loosing someone in our life (family members, friends, partner, and etc) might be hurt..but normal..is that because any relationship are never ending song of joy, happiness, love, comfort, respect and being that will always be remembered; we sometimes forget the lyrics fortunately always remember the tune..the verse might be different but the song remain the same...(Ejump,2016)”
  

      “We must resolve to live our lives and to build our lives in such a way, that if every ounce of fame were to dissipate tomorrow, and the only people who still remember our names are the few people around us who have true love for us in their hearts-- we would still be able to go on living life with an equal or even greater amount of happiness than before. You see, we must resolve to live our lives in such a way, that the worth and the value of it all comes from those things that are a part of our souls. You fill your soul with what is a part of it, with people who have made you a part of their hearts, and things that bring you awe. Then if all the world were to disappear before your eyes, just not any part of your soul, then you are okay! You are still happy. You can wake up to a new morning in a world that doesn't know you, retaining every ounce of worth that you had before! And maybe even more.”
  

      “Play it once for old times' sake. Play it twice to not forsake. And play it thrice if you cannot fake. Joyous life is your to take. You always get what you make.”
  


      “That place is happy over which a holy man builds a house, with fire, cattle, wife, children and good followers”
  

      “I am not a victim of circumstance, situation, nor any external condition of life. I am an active participant in the creation of my reality, meaning, I am actively participating in the creation of what I think, what I feel, what I spend my time on, who I spend my time with, what I consume mentally and physically, and all the blessings and contrastive experiences that come my way. Every effect has a cause and every cause has an effect, all of which include me because it is my life to live, my life to use, and my life to enjoy.”
  

      “Biggest mistake you can do is to wish that you were someone else in life. Truth be told, you never know what they go through in their life, especially behind closed doors. What they have to put up with, and what they did or what they are doing to get the things they have or to live the life they are living.Be happy with your life. If you are not happy with your life. Change it than wishing to be someone else. You might be the poorest of them all, but one thing you have is your own life. Your life can get you anything, even you don’t have what they have or everything. But you have your own life. Manage it. Work on it. Because by the time you are happy. You will be truly happy than faking it. Be careful most people fake happiness so that you can desire, admire and wish to be them.”
  

      “Never expect the people whom you have helped to help you back when you need help, because you will be very dissapointed.”
  

      “To most man, women are like toys. They get excited when they see new one. Ones they are use to her. They get tired of her and dump her. Forget about her and waiting for the another one. So becareful when you commit yourself to someone. Make sure they love you, not like you.”
  

      “When a chance for real happiness comes by, grab it with both hands and devour it. If it lasts five minutes or five lifetimes, it's still worth it.”
  


      “Leaving your future to pot luck is holding you back, you are worth more than anything, yet why do you leave everything to chance?”
  


      “Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.”
  


      “One BIG thing you overlooked when setting out on living the adventure of being wealthy was that you overlooked your current reality!”
  


      “Life isn't fair nor unfair, it just gives us what it gives us. It's entirely indifferent to our perspectives. It doesn't matter what we think or feel we deserve nor don't deserve. We get what we get. Life isn't sympathetic our wants or desires, it's apathetic. But that doesn't mean we can't influence it. Though we can't control what life gives us, We can control how we handle it as well as our outlook. With the right outlook & method of handling situations, we can make the best of the worst situations. Life won't always give us what we want, bad things do happen. But they help us appreciate the good when we have it. It's what gives the good it's value. the contrast with the bad.So make the best of things, & cherish the good when you get it. Don't worry about finding fairness, you won't. Just worry about making the best of your life, & what you get. And enjoy the good life brings.”
  

      “The first step to reclaim your power to control your own life is to take responsibility for your life completely.”
  


      “The second step that comes right after taking responsibility for everything that occurs in your life is to let go of all that you do not feel good about.”
  


      “The foundation of all personal development, actually, is self-acceptance and self-love.”
  


      “Your attitudes towards others affect what you think about yourself.”
  

      “Base your self-esteem on truth.”
  


      “Gratitude raises your awareness and focus and it can inspire you to achieve better for yourself and the people around you.”
  


      “Once you realize that everything in the Universe is connected then you will have a better understanding of the fundamental nature of manifesting.”
  


      “What is energy? Everything is energy.”
  


      “The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.”
  


      “Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.”
  


      “Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you are in control of your life and the events that come into your life at any given moment.”
  


      “Positive words can bend your world in your favor.”
  


      “Creating abundance must start from within ourselves.”
  


      “Millionaires, though, see objects like diamonds and good feelings merely as fruits. The root of true wealth, in fact, stems from your behaviors.”
  


      “I'm grateful for past betrayals, heartaches, and challenges... I thought they were breaking me; but they were sculpting me.”
  

      “...perhaps, also this short embrace may infuse in their veins a little of this thrill which they would not have known without it, and will give to those two dead souls, brought to life in a second, the rapid and divine sensation of this intoxication, of this madness which gives to lovers more happiness in an instant than other men can gather during a whole lifetime.”
  

      “The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.”
  



      “The bicycle saves my life every day. If you've ever experienced a moment of awe or freedom on a bicycle; if you've ever taken flight from sadness to the rhythm of two spinning wheels, or felt the resurgence of hope pedalling to the top of a hill with the dew of effort on your forehead; if you've ever wondered, swooping down bird-like down a long hill, if the world was standing still; if you have ever, just once, sat on a bicycle with a singing heart and felt like an ordinary human touching the gods, then we share something fundamental. We know it's all about the bike.”
  

      “It isn’t what you have or who you are or where you areor what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy.It is what you think about it.”
  

      “People won't admit it, they're too busy grabbing to see that the lights have fused. They can't see the darkness and the spider-face beyond and the great web of it all. That there's always this if you scratch at the surface of happiness and goodness.The black and the black and the black.”
  


      “The moment you realise your nature is love, you'll stop looking for a reason to express love.”
  

      “You cant be productive when you are not happy.”
  

      “I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.”
  


      “Happy isn't even a real idea," he said. "It's just like love. A reasonably skeptical person doesn't even know what it means.”
  


      “Making children happy is the best art.”
  

      “I am not here to be average, I am not here to be great, I am not here to be successful, and I am not here to be happy, I am here to simply be all of me.”
  


      “Happiness is a choice. Don’t let the outside world choose it for you.”
  


      “If I could give you just one thing, I’d want it to be a simple truth that took me many years to learn. If you learn it now, it may enrich your life in hundreds of ways. And it may prevent you from facing many problems that have hurt people who have never learned it.The truth is simply this:No one owes you anything.”
  

      “Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.”
  

      “I do not want India to be an economic superpower. I want India to be a happy country.”
  

      “When passion meets work, work becomes a hobby.”
  

      “God is the only one that won't disappoint you. Everyone else are percentages of peace.”
  

      “A beautiful women is able to love , until she thinks and realised that she is beautiful, for some reasons. She changes and unable to love. Her heart becomes filled with pride. That she loses her dignity, self respect and humanity to love.”
  

      “Ada kebahagiaan istimewa yang hanya bisa kita dapatkan dari pasangan hidup, Nada. Dari orang yang kita cintai dan mencintai kira. Kebahagiaan itu tidak bisa digantikan oleh orang lain, baik orangtua, saudara, kawan yang paling dekat sekalipun.”
  


      “Identify what frustrates you and find a way to fix it!”
  


      “Happy people live. Unhappy people tell others how to live.”
  

      “There is always a reason to smile. You just have to find one.”
  

      “For her, every day was the same, and when each day is the same as the next, it's because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.”
  


      “Happiness attracts success. Happy people perform at a much higher level with less burnout, greater productivity, and more resilience. You can't win being unhappy.”
  

      “Life it’s a relay. Every person is supposed to play their part in order for success to take place. It can be their own success or someone else success. If we can learn sometimes we don’t have to make it to the finish line. When you feel like you can’t make it. Don’t hold what you have with you. Pass it on. You’re Information, knowledge, skill, support. To someone else. When they make it. You will also be a winner. Sometimes people we become so selfish, that we hold what can make others succeed, and by their success we ourselves became successful as well. Maybe you are step 2 in someone success and their step 3 in your life to succeed. They can’t succeed without step 2 and you can’t succeed without step 3. So you need each other to succeed.Help others by doing so you will be helping yourself.”
  

      “My dear, please be careful.You no longer live only for yourself.You live for me as well.”
  

      “It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.”
  

      “Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
  


      “Be careful most people fake happiness so that you can desire, admire and wish to be them.”
  

      “There is no failure in loving someone, only in never letting them know.”
  

      “You look extra beautiful tonight, Ker.” “It’s the collar.” “Maybe. I think it’s the happiness. You wear it well.” “It’s the same thing.”
  



      “Top 15 Things Money Can’t BuyTime. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
  


      “The secret to happiness is to be absorbed in something other than yourself.”
  

      “You want a happy family?""I'd love a miserable one where everyone hated each other.""Why?""So we could find redemption in each other's arms.”
  


      “Don't let little things ruin your day.”
  

      “We're brought up to expect a happy ending. But there are no happy endings. There's only death waiting for us. We find love and happiness, and it's snatched away from us without rhyme or reason. We're on a deserted space ship careening mindlessly among the stars. The world is Dachau, and we're all Jews.”
  


      “Wisdom is the ultimate source of kindness and happiness.”
  

      “What magic is this?' the muse says to the man. 'A flower, a dream, a fairy-tale wish,' the man says to his muse. The muse smiles.”
  

      “When you choose being a loving soul, and give proper attention to your dreams without using your own will power, then you are in a process of creating a range of experiences which flow into your life harmoniously.”
  


      “Of course, if one does not fully trust the promise of God's Kingdom, he will have a hard time taking risks and making sacrifices in this life. A gospel centered around the temporal self - fleeting happiness, earthly success, vain prosperity, things such as these - is the primary ambition of the half-hearted Christian; the one who somewhat believes he is subject to an eternal death; the one who just might believe in men before God, who morbidly fears seeming less than anyone else. The man of this school feels deeply that he has but one life to live, that this must be his only chance, and therefore must have it all in his favor - from glory to comfort to riches - and have it right this instant. He is but hinting that he is overcome because he insists always that he must overcome, that his judgment comes now and by the persons around him. The point is, however, in this sense, that by grace the Christian is indeed free, but only for as long as he wants to be free - the practicality of true freedom: that of God which offers not so much freedom to be like the world as it does freedom from the pressures of having to be like the world. For Divine Law is based solely on love and freedom; whereas secular law, pressure and imitation.”
  

      “In our minds, we are continuously planning for some future event or dwelling in past memories. Yet, wherever we go, whatever we do, all that there is, has ever been, and forever will be, is the moment of Now. If we cannot find happiness and meaning in the present, how can we find it in the future?”
  

      “True happiness requires no doing, things, ideas, or special beliefs; just a sincere appreciation for the truth of this moment.”
  

      “We are not growing old; we are simply passing through different stages of expression, and enjoying each and every one with gusto!”
  

      “Happiness begins with gratitude." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio”
  

      “A genuinely caring heart always find kindness and happiness to share.”
  

      “Shame is the undercurrent that keeps you living in the belief that you are unworthy of all the bounty life has to offer. Somewhere along the way, we have internalized the belief that we are - in our deepest selves - defective and wrong. Shame is not a natural emotion. Babies aren’t born feeling shame. We manufacture it within ourselves, as punishment for not adhering to the norms of society…Just for today, see what it feels like to open those clenched fists - that clenched heart - and receive every good thing”
  


      “The only thing that prevents us from being happy is thinking.”
  

      “To lovers out there....Most people who are single are single because there is someone in the friend-zone who plays the part of a girlfriend or boyfriend. So those people don't see a need to date. Don't let them convinced you otherwise.Don't allow then to convince you also to be single. "Don't make a collective decisions that affects you individually.-djkyos "Love doesn't hurt anyone. It's people who hurt others in the name of love. No matter how much you were hurt in a relationship. Don't give up in love but you can give up in the relationship you were having with that person. No matter what. Never stop loving." No man is an island.”
  

      “The moment of Now represents eternity: it’s where true happiness is forged.”
  

      “Above all, happiness embodies two qualities: success and gratitude. Success in the simple sense of striving for something and achieving it; gratitude means to be grateful for what we achieve.”
  

      “Happiness combines success and gratitude in the moment of Now. We live our aspirations and are grateful for them, not in memory of the past or in hope of some future moment or situation, but right Now.”
  

      “You are your greatest success. Think about it! Nothing that you have or will ever accomplish can possibly beat who you are. Your whole world and everything you know and possess arises from and is dependent upon your experience of who you are. As you grow in awareness you begin to understand, that true success is not your status, wealth or the titles you’ve won; true success is you doing what is right. From righteous action comes growth and success. Combine growing in success with sincere gratitude and the result is happiness.”
  

      “when our mind is puzzle and heart is wounded ,the feeling of happiness is a subject of heart before mind.mind takes control after the feeling experienced by heart .”
  

      “Wealth is defined in many ways, yet freedom might be its best indication.”
  

      “Happiness becomes a choice the moment we realize that our well-being is relative.﻿”
  

      “Courage is being yourself in a world that almost seems to endorse conformity.”
  

      “Have you noticed how often some people use the term 'killing time'? Consider for a moment what this implies. Evidently for some, we've reached a point in our evolution that excess time is now considered a hindrance. What a terrible thought! Let me tell you...if you value your time so little that you’d rather lose than enjoy it, then you need to reevaluate what you're doing with your life.”
  

      “Most business, big labels, Artists and Corporate failed because they took lightly the job or part of administration. Which is the fuel that runs the business. If you want your business to succeed .If you want your ideas to succeed. Do proper job and invest in administration.Do your paper work well and then your buisiness will do well.”
  

      “There is no one who is lonely, than a man who knows what his money can do for him or can get him. He price himself in everything and the things he can get. Also a women who knows what her beauty and body can do and attract, what her body can get her and do for her. Dont be fooled. These people can get anything they want but except one thing. That is love. True love. Thats why their aslong they have this mentality they hardly keep relationships.”
  

      “When I opened the door, Andrew was standing there like a remedy for heart palpitations. Or maybe he made them worse. It was hard to tell.”
  



      “His hand lay across my stomach as he slept soundly. I entwined my fingers with his and breathed through the warmth that seeped through my chest. Such a simple, sweet thing to do, yet holding hands in bed was incredibly intimate.”
  


      “I think he won a tiny piece of my heart that day. If he didn't have the whole damn thing before then, he certainly had part of it now.”
  


      “And without my consent, with my defences in ruins, while my brain was sleeping, my stupid heart went and fell headfirst into love.”
  


      “I'm surprised I could actually talk with how much I was grinning.”
  


      “The Story Of Your Life: The world and everyone you meet will not revolve around you. You're not always going to get what you want. You are going to make compromises every single day. You're going to get smacked down a time or two, or three, or fifty. Throwing tantrums, sitting in the corner pouting and crying over what you didn't get that you wanted isn't going to help you get it. Likewise, pissing and moaning to other people about it all being so unfair. We're all in the same boat, my friends. You can chose to sit in the corner and sulk your life away, crying about the unfairness of it all, bemoaning how everyone is making you miserable, or you can do just the opposite. You can stand up and BE GRATEFUL for everything you do have. You can look back and see how many obstacles you've already overcome, realizing that with each conquest you've become a stronger person. You can realize that your happiness is not and should never be dependent on other people. None of us is going to get out of this Story alive, dear reader. Make the best of the time you have. Make a positive difference. Make your own happily ever after.”
  

      “If you want to know how negative you are, pay attention to how much you hate negativity in other people. Fragile, artificial positivity needs always to be surrounded by more positivity in order to stay positive, but the ability to be positive, happy, and even, at times, appreciative around 'negative people' is the mark of real positivity.”
  

      “Given the opportunity to help us with our dreams, the Universe does not disappoint.”
  

      “Of course I am happy here! It’s wonderful! Especially when I have no choice!”
  

      “Close your eyes and trust; go in the direction of what makes you feel authentically lighter and brighter. There is no good or bad. Retribution feels vibrationally better than desperation. It’s better than sitting still because your energy has movement. Frustration is better than retribution, because now you’re not projecting negative energy outward, you’re processing it within. Apathy is better than frustration; at least you’ve reached some form of detachment. Optimism is better than apathy. Optimism becomes happiness. Co-creative inspiration follows… and then comes joy.”
  


      “But what then? What had he really gained by all this trouble? What had he brought back from this long and weary journey? Nothing, say you? Perhaps so;...Truly, would you not for less than that go around the world?”
  


      “The third person. There was no sign of this happiness on the outside, she knew. She was bored by this happiness that seemed out of place, impatient to get rid of it. The feeling was less pleasurable than she had imagined it might have been, less well-defined, and when she felt along its strings she found it was not easily traced or attached to the objects she thought it might have been attached to. Perhaps it was not attached to anything at all.”
  


      “...I still saw everything through the filter I had created in order to survive. I could not see the happiness that preceded the abyss. I had forced myself not to acknowledge my life's most splendid moment, in order to be able to live out the rest of my life without it. I think that was what had happened. It has changed since, but back then it was impossible for me to embrace the happiness I had lost.”
  

      “Some people get what they want, but then they act like they don't want what they're given. I think its because sometimes the form it takes isn't quite the form they wanted. That the person giving it & the manor in which it's given isn't what they wanted. Or maybe the timing is simply off. Or maybe, it's just that when you don't know what you want nothing is ever enough. And I think that's the real tragedy. That life gives us exactly what we've been wanting but we fail to embrace it. Simply letting those moments & people pass us by.”
  

      “What would be the description of happiness?Nothing, except what prepares and then what destroys it, can be told.”
  


      “I had accepted that all the dark memories were mine. But I had never realized that the beautiful ones were mine too. I had a right to them. And the right to embrace them, regardless of what happened before and after. I had a right to my happiness, as well as my grief.”
  


      “I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans, unhappiness is guaranteed for many.”
  

      “A lot of pain that we are dealing with are really only THOUGHTS.”
  


      “My last thought before falling asleep last night was a realisation that I was falling in love with Andrew. Well, not me exactly. My stupid, traitorous heart.”
  


      “Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take asmany chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.”
  


      “Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take as many chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.”
  


      “Rise from the ashes and become the phoenix. Let your glory and wisdom keep blazing on forever. This is your chance. This is your time. Remake your life into something truly spectacular.”
  


      “Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.”
  


      “Dream without fear, love without limits, and let your life sing its song.”
  


      “You are a storehouse of love.”
  


      “Every day, bring some flowers to your life. Every day bring some blessings in someone’s life.”
  


      “There is nowhere I have to go, nothing I have to do and nobody I have to be, than being who I truly am, right here, right Now.”
  

      “While there is many looking for one million dollars in their Bank account , on the other side There is a Hundreds of thousands looking for Heal And prayers .”
  

      “He believed with all his heart that we should spend our lives in happiness and service, in joy and work, in kindness and in love, and he lived... and died... what he believed.”
  


      “It has taken me quite a few years to realize the fact that most of the thoughts in my head are not necessary.”
  

      “it's always good to know that you have been the best even though deep inside you know you will never be better than that.”
  



      “Bet ji darė stebuklus. Ką ji turėjo – nežinau. Šeimos karalienė!.. Supranti? Dabar viskas kitaip. Jūs kažką sumynėte. Ir jūsų merginos kažką sumynė. Turbūt viską sumynė. Į purvą! Supranti, į purvą! Viską! Stebuklų daryti nebegali. Ir laimė mirė. Tyliai, palengva mirė.”
  


      “Happiness is the joy in the heart.”
  

      “Happiness is often hidden in misery; light appears brighter in darkness.”
  

      “Don’t let your outer pain, misery, and suffering touch your inner calmness and happiness.”
  

      “If you can find happiness inside of you, nothing will be able to create angst in your mind.”
  

      “To create happiness all around, be loving to all.”
  

      “Create your own out of the box thinking, create your own box.”
  

      “If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires.”
  

      “There are many sources of happiness. Doing goodness is one of them and one of the best!”
  

      “You'll drive yourself crazy trying to control something that isn't yours to control. Let go. Free yourself. Allow your mind and energy to focus on something positive... to build something beautiful.”
  

      “People say life is short, is it really? actually life is short if you take it as competition or race then you never find a second for yourself but If you take life as joy as celebration then life is more than enough suddenly you start watching bliss everywhere ... but if you are busy in rat race then you don't even attain peace or happiness in your whole life .. be still nd enjoy this very moment then life is a journey which never ends ..”
  


      “God wants us to be happy, because when we are, we are closer to Him. We can hear His direction better in the form of intuition and we can help others as well. So, do what makes you happy.”
  


      “Your imagination dictates your destination.”
  

      “When you turn your dreams on there is no off switch.”
  

      “I’m not good enough for Duke.” “I’m good enough for you.”
  


      “Humbleness is the heart of happiness.”
  

      “Happiness is the heavenly light of joy.”
  

      “We must find within us a happiness with ourselves which no one else can disturb. Otherwise we give them power over us.”
  


      “If you cannot uplift someone, don’t risk the repercussions attached to trying to bring them down. Malicious behavior always finds its way back to you in one form or the other. If you examine yourself and acknowledge your own short-comings, you would not have the mindset or heart to judge what you deem to be the missteps of another.”
  

      “You can achieve in your life more power and wealth, health and happiness through telling you connect strongly your subconscious mind and out of the place is it required to possess this power you already have, but you need to learn how to use them.”
  

      “If we try to see something positive in everything we do, life won't necessarily become easier but it becomes more valuable.”
  


      “Ignorance breeds success.”
  

      “--And the good thing about feeling happy, you know, Valentin? ...It's that you think it's forever, that one's never ever going to feel unhappy again.”
  


      “Materialism allows for a greater vision!”
  

      “Sometimes only when opportunity stops banging to be let in do we notice its absence!”
  

      “Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.”
  

      “I want to have my friend back, so I need to set him straight. I am by his side and he looks up to see me. I speak before he can say anything.“Are you talking to me yet? Because I don’t believe you’re justified in your anger. I get to make my own decision about the relationships that I may or may not have. And I can choose at what pace I have that relationship. If you don’t like it, then tough. You’re happy—you have Bethany. Let me find my own happiness. You can’t tell me what to do about this. I have to make up my own mind. Okay?”
  


      “The emotional, loving, moody child had small chance of developing into a happy woman. Had she as a girl been naturally joyus yet all that had befallen her must surely have driven away the bright birds, one by one, from her breast. As it was, made of more sombre clay, capable of deep happiness, but more easily drawn to the dark than the light, Fuchsia was even more open to the cruel winds of circumstance which appeared to have singled her out for particular punishment.”
  

      “Happiness is Homemade!”
  

      “When I was a kid my mom would send me off to school each day with the words, ‘Remember: be happy! The most important thing today is that you are happy!”
  



      “There is a music of the universes in every heart.”
  


      “Every day I wake up and ask myself, ‘How can I accept myself and others more fully?”
  


      “Moving on is not about forgetting the past; it’s about learning from it. Find the message in the mess…Cry. Forgive. Learn. That’s moving on.”
  

      “Dancing ignite a blissful body, soul and spirit.”
  

      “You cannot be happy if your primary identity is that of a victim, even if you really are one.”
  

      “The best way to look back at life fondly is to meet it - and those along your journey - warmly, kindly and mindfully”
  

      “If you follow your heart, you will always find happiness.”
  

      “Most people wait until tragedy strikes before thinking about how to incorporate tragedy into their life.”
  


      “Music moves the body, soul and spirit to the bliss.”
  

      “I often wonder if I am entitled to be as happy as I am, given the amount of suffering in the world.”
  


      “The rules of personal relationship: the system that defines our understanding of earthly love and how we form long-term, intimate bonds with other beings is outdated. It no longer adequately guides and supports us in our search for a meaningful life or provides practical and beneficial conditions for sustained happiness.”
  

      “Leave no livid life in your days but vivid days in your life”
  


      “Embrace the beauty of existence.”
  

      “If you wish to be happy, listen to your heart.”
  

      “if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.”
  


      “Children are God’s or nature’s practical joke on couples—that which is produced by passion then proceeds to nearly kill it.”
  


      “To discover true happiness and the meaning of life is to awaken to our individual truth then nourish this truth in and through every passing moment.”
  

      “All happy people are grateful, and ungrateful people cannot be happy. Become grateful and you will become a much happier person.”
  


      “Without love and forgiveness, how could there be happiness?”
  

      “Every morning, sweeten your coffee with some love and you will sweeten your day with happiness.”
  

      “It is in the nature of man to want what he does not have. This modern concern for happiness seems a real testimony of its absence.”
  

      “If being in the NOW doesn’t work, don’t worry as there is always another one tomorrow!”
  

      “irony is for a traveler while traveling, happiness increases as the distance increases.”
  

      “I did this so well’- one says this and tastes the sweetness of subtle pride of doership. One enjoys the sweetness of this subtle pride. There is pain [suffering] with projection of doer-ship. God is eternal bliss and that indeed is the nature of the Self!”
  

      “The body is doing the action, body’s spare-parts are doing the action and the egoism simply does the egoism of, ‘I did’! Subtle-pride of egoism is created from this doer-ship and one is living due entirely on this basis. He simply tastes the subtle-pride of doer-ship; ‘I did’, ‘I suffered this pain’, ‘I enjoyed that happiness’. The person who gets rid of this subtle-pride will get freedom. Why does one taste this sweetness of subtle-pride of doership from infinite lives? He does this because he has never before tasted the sweetness of the Soul.”
  

      “Acceptance is a thing... look into it.If it is something in you, about you, done by you... and you aren't happy with it... you don't have to accept it. You have the power to affect change.If it something in someone else, about someone else, done by someone else... and it doesn't directly effect you in a negative way (actual effect, not perceived, mind you) ... you can rally against it, or accept it. While you may have the power in someway to force change on others... acceptance is also totally a real thing... seriously. Look into it.Don't like what others think, or feel, or do with their lives? Neat.Do those things have a direct negative impact on you?If yes, then communicate (in whatever means are situationally appropriate) and seek a positive resolution.If no, then do as I tell my eight and ten year old children... ignore them.You... no matter your age, gender, sexual orientation, belief structure, occupation, or affluence (real or perceived)... You absolutely have the right to accept others.Honest.”
  

      “The rustic, the reader of novels, the pure ascetic: these three are truly happy men”
  

      “True happiness is being grateful for who we are in every single moment.”
  

      “Crowns belong to those that serve.”
  

      “When all things seem to fail, stand on your inner strength, shovel today's challenges for your tomorrow's freedom.”
  

      “Unhappiness and dissatisfaction with life are common themes in the American culture today.Folks sometimes mistake my meaning when I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, because they all too often rush to drop everything that is weighing them down. They quit the job, ditch the unhappy marriage, cut out negative friends and family, get out of Dodge, etc. I do not advocate such hastiness; in fact, I believe that rash decision-making leads to more problems further down the road. Another unsatisfying job manifests; another unhappy relationship results. These people want a new environment, yet the same negative energy always seems to occupy it.	This is because transformation is all about the internal shift, not the external. Any blame placed on outside sources for our unhappiness will forever perpetuate that unhappiness. Pointing the finger is giving away your power of choice and the ability to create our best life. We choose: “That person is making me unhappy” vs. “I make myself happy.”	When you are in unhappy times of lack and feelings of separation – great! Sit there and be with it. Find ways to be content with little. Find ways to be happy with your Self. As we reflect on the lives of mystics past and present, it is not the things they possess or the relationships they share that bring them enlightenment – their light is within. The same light can bring us unwavering happiness (joy).	Love, Peace, Joy – these three things all come from within and have an unwavering flame – life source – that is not dependent on the conditions of the outside world. This knowing is the power and wisdom that the mystics teach us that we are all capable of achieving.	When I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, I am not referring to external conditions; I am referring to the choice you have to look inward and discover the ability to transform the lead of the soul into gold.	Transformation is an inner journey of the soul. Why? Because, as we mentioned above, wherever we go, ourselves go with us. Thus, quitting the job, dumping relationships, etc. will not make us happy because we have forgotten the key factor that makes or breaks our happiness: ourselves.	When we find, create, and maintain peace, joy, and love within ourselves, we then gain the ability to embrace the external world with the same emotions, perspective, and vibration. This ability is a form of enlightenment. It is the modern man’s enlightenment that transforms an unsatisfying life into one of fulfillment.”
  



      “The greatest happiness is to vanquish your enemies, to chase them before you, to rob them of their wealth, to see those dear to them bathed in tears, to clasp to your bosom their wives and daughters.”
  

      “We owe it to our husband or wife, our fellow workers, our children, our friends, indeed to everyone who comes into our lives, to be as happy as we can be.”
  

      “Progress belongs to the Askers; the smarter the question, the lesser the guessing.”
  

      “Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?	We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”	Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.	There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?	Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!	Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!	Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.	I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”
  


      “But he was absolutely alone. No one ever wrote to him. Visited him. Totally alone. And I believe the happiest man I have ever met.”
  


      “The trick when it comes to dealing with depression is being able to imagine yourself out of it. When you can picture a happier life, you will be determined to work at the things that prevent it from happening.”
  

      “Until you press the switch button of the light in your room on, you shall always have light in your room and still leave in darkness.”
  

      “What would be the description of happines? Nothing, except what prepares and then what destroys it, can be told.”
  

      “My formula for happiness is to have no formula for happiness.”
  

      “Happiness held is the seed; Happiness shared is the flower.”
  

      “Happiness is absolutely a feeling and a state of well-being, but the key to happiness is understanding that it is created through action.”
  


      “Always – but especially when suffering - surround yourself with those who inspire you to lose yourself more honestly, to love others more thoroughly, to live life more fully, and to trust God more wholly. Huddle with those who care for you and those who are exemplary in their encouragement, patience and understanding of others. Hang out with those who strive to put God and faith at their center. Pray for peers, friends and mentors who will not only encourage you to be your best independent, strong, and vulnerable self all at the same time – but also sincerely humble. Pray that their angel dust will transcend you when even the smallest flecks of their contagious warmth and permeating beauty fall upon you. Then ever pray that you may have the opportunity to likewise ease and nurture others in such authentic ways; thus honing such a charitable, other-oriented nature of your own, – a miraculous healing balm – a buffer of pain if there ever was one. Know this is the most powerful antidote for fear and sorrow; the most effective – and addictive – cure-all known in all of creation; an elixir for that otherwise, elusive kind of happiness – the kind that weathers, endures and remains in all seasons and conditions.”
  


      “I am overflowing with love, peace, joy, happiness and abundance.” Let this be your morning prayer.”
  

      “Sharing love and happiness naturally promotes collective prosperity.”
  

      “It's easy to smile just to make other people feel better. But when a person fakes happy, it has edges. Regular people may not see, but the people who count, they can see edges and lines where smile ends and the real you, the sadness (me) or the anger (Grandma) begins.”
  


      “Happiness comes from what you love to do, not necessarily from what you need to do; to succeed!”
  

      “Empowered Women 101: Empowered women never live the life they wouldn't want for their daughter. They teach them what self respect looks like.”
  

      “Success is a drink you enjoy on the journey towards happiness. Risk is, you could get drunk!”
  

      “Choose to put yourself first and make you a priority. It's not selfish, it's necessary.”
  

      “Happiness is a moral obligation.”
  


      “Everything worthwhile in life is attained through hard work. Happiness is not an exception.”
  


      “On the road to success there is absolutely no room for criticism of self or others. Insecurity and fear masquerade as jealousy and judgment. Finding faults in others wastes time as we attempt to remove the bricks from other people’s foundations – time that could be better spent building our own. And worrying about what other people think about us also wastes the time that could be better spent expanding upon what we have built.”
  


      “Daily dance is my delight.”
  

      “Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every moment with love, grace and gratitude.”
  

      “A simple test to ascertain how much you enjoy and derive meaning from your work is to ask yourself whether you would continue doing it if you won the lottery.”
  


      “Unhappy poor people at least have the fantasy that money will make them happy; unhappy rich people don’t even have that.”
  


      “Shovel today's challenges for your tomorrow's freedom.”
  

      “The ultimate purpose of life is to live it with profound love, joy, and happiness.”
  

      “Happy people can look back and say they chose their life, not settled for it.”
  

      “Whomsoever embraces their creativity along with their individuality, embraces all possibility deep within.”
  



      “An unexplicable sense of happiness”
  

      “Happiness is the joy you feel striving toward your potential”
  


      “God has called 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit) as happiness. Even when someone swears at you, picks your pocket; the 'chit prasannta' doesn’t go away! Even at two o’clock in the morning, the 'chit prasannta' does not go away.”
  

      “There is nothing more fascinating than the fusion between power and mystery in our great, little treasure: the human brain.”
  

      “I dance daily to the music in my heart.”
  

      “Devotion to God brings great delight.”
  

      “Change is constantly at work, that those who resist change, will be changed.”
  

      “Hope gives happiness.”
  

      “On that search for happiness we did nothing with all those other emotions that made us human.”
  

      “when you become addict in to MATERIAL things in life then the TRUE natural life start to run away from you, YES! it's can give you certain pleasure in the society but in the same time it will sabotage your true HAPPINESS of life which we could have simply with GRATITUDE and FORGIVENESS”
  

      “It is impossible to say why people put so little value on complete happiness.”
  


      “It’s different and bold. It stands out amongst a blank world of black, white, and gray. Orange is the early morning sun stretching across the sky and the color of a burning ember standing tall in the middle of a beach bonfire. It’s leaves in the fall, carrots in Nana’s vegetable soup on a cold winter day, tulips in the spring, and the ladybugs in the middle of the grassy park on a hot summer afternoon. Orange is life. It’s unexpected but beautiful.”
  


      “I am wealth, prosperity, and abundance. God multiplies this and I give thanks I AM receiving more and more money everyday.”
  

      “What is called true happiness? It is 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit). The person who has attained 'chit prasannta', he need not beg for anything in this world!”
  

      “Within sadness lives a happiness deeper than any pain.”
  


      “Make time daily to connect with your soul.”
  

      “Life is fun.”
  

      “Gratefulness and forgiveness leads to happiness.”
  

      “Happiness is a sacred heaven.”
  

      “Happiness is transmittable.”
  

      “Those who are happy will make many souls happy.”
  

      “Music makes my soul happy.”
  

      “Enjoy the ride of life. It is irreplaceable.”
  

      “A truly happy person is he who is happy without any reason.”
  

      “Happiness lies not in happiness but only in the attempt to achieve it.”
  

      “If life is a magnificent journey, then peace is the way and happiness is the destination.”
  

      “You are unique in this universe like everyone else so why is this competition it'll ruin your life .. start living here and now with just your own self nd make your life more and more beautiful”
  

      “Stvarnost budi zelje, ali nikad ne mozeda ih zadovolji. Ljubav pocinje u covjeku, ali se nikad ne svrsava u njemu. Cak i kad je sve tu: i covjek, i ljubav i sreca i zivot, jos uvijek je sve to, po nekom strasnom udesu, suvise malo, i sto vece izgleda, sve manje biva.”
  

      “Life gives us everything. Then it takes it away. Youth, love, happiness, friends. Darkness gets it all in the end.”
  

      “I always believed that first love would stay in my heart the longest, that it would be reminded through every man I met, through every song and every place I had been too, it hurt like hell to experience my heart crashing into a thousand pieces amongst the floor & the feeling of missing them so bad that my body ached that I spent a lot of time alone wondering if I deserved to be loved the way I love and then I met you & you gently reminded me that I was worthy and in your actions taught me to give love one more chance. So I did and as vulnerable and uncertain it all is, im glad my heart has met someone it wants to open for again.”
  

      “Sand lines my soul which is filled with the breath of the ocean.”
  

      “To see happiness of others, that is what is our religion.”
  

      “True expectations never ever go unnoticed. So expect happiness and expect abundance.”
  

      “(...) non avrei mai creduto che il cuore potesse causare tanti dolori e tanti conflitti. Che si potesse rompere, ma anche aggiustare. Che si potesse donare, ma anche riaverlo indietro. Perderlo e trovarlo di nuovo.”
  

      “The best don't start at the top; embrace every struggle, mistake, and obstacle you overcame to get there! Persistence and Faith = Success”
  

      “Life is contentment.”
  

      “My life of sin among people I’m sure he thinks are deviants is happier and more honest that his oppressive, sexist cesspool.”
  



      “Only righteous action leads to growth in freedom, happiness and purpose of life.”
  

      “He felt gladness roar through his soul.”
  


      “The most important subject in the curriculum in the future years will be how to love ourselves and be content.”
  


      “Literacy rate tells us about the section of society who can read and write, but do we have a tool which can share the stats about out how many educated illiterates we have in our society.”
  


      “Sharing life brings the greatest joy.”
  

      “I want to make people around me happy, because I never know that laughter I gave to them would be my last gift I could offer.”
  

      “I am happiest when I clear my mind and allow the world around me to reteach me what I thought I already knew.”
  

      “To find and enjoy profound happiness, learn from nature and emulate her stoic calmness.”
  

      “Unhappiness is complicated and has many different causes, but happiness is simple and has only one reason.”
  

      “Happiness is always there; it is we who are absent.”
  

      “Don't Worry, Be Happy.”
  


      “Love, faith and hope can cure any ill-health.”
  

      “Religion begins from the time man starts to give happiness to others.”
  

      “If you want a positive and happy life then stop feeling self-pity or seeking attention for your problems and take action towards creating a positive and fulfilling life.”
  


      “That which is cool is driven by the soul.”
  

      “Unhappiness comes when we feel helpless. Hope comes the minute we decide we are not.”
  


      “I'm young and happy. I'll never die.”
  


      “If you listen to music every day, you will be happy.”
  

      “If honor and wisdom and happiness are not for me, let them be for others. Let heaven exist, though my place be in hell.”
  


      “Are you happy?' she asked.'Honour... I've been happy since the moment I met you.”
  


      “Dreaming is essential to manifesting your future, but it's all too easy to sink into the trap that life is always greener somewhere else. Part of dreaming is being content where you are at in this precise moment, choosing happiness now instead of your happy being contingent on "when all your dreams come true".”
  


      “We can live forever even with an impactful shorter-life.”
  



      “We love with all our heart, in every way that we can love but the heart is not burdened. We learn to keep it light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on Life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when death and seeming endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes. It allows Life to be lived in the safe, fertile, and still inner space where it grows stronger and more compelling every day.”
  


      “Question everything, even the question mark, that shepherd's crook floating in the air above that small round rockIf you - stubbornly - still wish to be unhappy,maybe you can grasp it.”
  


      “Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
  

      “Its not your fault for not being there.Its my fault for thinking you would be”
  


      “Happiness is not a science, an art or an outcome. It can't be qualified, procured or consumed. It's not invented, but comes naturally made from mud, honeysuckle, pitted olives, and doting grand dads...it's what we are when we are utterly ourselves in unaffected ease.”
  


      “Breath is your link to life; the direct connection to your spirit.”
  


      “Empowered Women 101: Happiness is something that you establish before a relationship. It is not the relationship that establishes it first.”
  

      “Take Care of Yourself First- It’s Easier to Serve Others That Way.”
  


      “Breathe Through the Pain, It Always Gets Easier with Time.”
  


      “Be Generous with your Kindness, Compassion & Forgiveness.”
  


      “Be Grateful- Your Life is a Miracle.”
  


      “We will attract potential partners who reflect back to us what we need to heal, balance and strengthen in ourselves- until we become whole. At that point, we can attract our twin flame or soul mate and enjoy a peaceful co- creative partnership that benefits all of mankind.”
  


      “Polarity exists so that we may discover the truth beyond this world of duality, which is the ultimate purpose of life.”
  


      “All happiness happens in the Now. How we interpret this moment is one of the most crucial choices we make.”
  

      “We are born into this precious human existence to achieve the uni cation of opposites and become enlightened, or liberated, from the illusion of separation.”
  


      “A sacred spiritual-life is the greatest gratification”
  

      “One thing about pretence is that you may not know when you leave what you call the real you behind. Pretend to be happy now and see for yourself.”
  

      “Happiness combines success and gratitude in the moment of Now.”
  

      “If I'd defined success very narrowly, limiting it to peak, high-visibility experiences, I would have felt very unsuccessful and unhappy during those years. Life is just a lot better if you feel you're having 10 wins a day rather than a win every 10 years or so.”
  


      “When two people love each other sacrificially, they will find happiness. If they aim for happiness instead of aiming to love, they will ultimately fail to achieve either.”
  


      “Animals do it largely for the REPRODUCTION, but so-called Social Animals (People) do it regularly thinking that it will give them SATISFACTION.”
  

      “We live in a society where every business has a huge scope. Even if you open a shop selling snakes people will buy it. Thinking they will direct them to their neighbors house.”
  


      “Be the exception, and be happy.”
  

      “Never before have so many people dwelled in such an illusory pursuit of happiness, quietly or subconsciously suffering the consequences of a massive, collective dysfunction.”
  

      “I wanted to tell her happy was hard for me. But I think she already knew that.”
  

      “The resurrection is our awakening from the dream, our return to right-mindedness, and thus our deliverance from hell. ... We recognized how avidly we drill the nails into our own hands and feet holding on to earthly interpretation of things when a choice to do otherwise would release us and make us happy.”
  


      “Invest your capital of love to get the best dividend of a beautiful life filled with happiness.”
  

      “There's a story behind every "I don't believe in love""Period”
  


      “Tenderhearted people are silent sufferers they just learn the art to fly with broken wings.”
  


      “We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”
  



      “God is peace, bliss, beauty and truth. Focus your energy on that, life will be like that.”
  

      “Life is a joyful journey.”
  

      “Regardless of your past, of your own beliefs, I promise you that you are worthy of the remarkable life you so want to live.”
  


      “We have accepted it as our unique problem and the fate of our kingdom and have found ways to live on without the sun. We all can be happy if we choose to be."- Sari”
  


      “True peaceful state is that when one has inner peace amidst total lack of peace on the outside. Bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst external turmoil is ‘tested’ samadhi.”
  

      “When is bliss of the self (Samadhi) experienced? It is when one does not want anything, when all the tubers of one’s greed goes away, then the bliss of the self (Samadhi) is experienced. Give away, how much you give (your things to others), that much (happiness) will be yours !”
  

      “If you feel that your happiness is attached with someone....Keep remember that the happiness never be yours.”
  

      “When something flipping out to the worse, don't feel bad. But be strong and make yourself hard so that the situations stop taking chance to hurt you.”
  

      “Here’s the three-ingredient recipe for a glorious day: think a higher thought, move your feet forward, serve someone you’ve never served. Do those three things and your life will improve in a millisecond.”
  


      “When you experience permanent bliss of the Self (samadhi), then it will be considered that your entire work is completed.”
  

      “In other words, where we are is vital to who we are.”
  

      “Happiness is no luck, its decision a choice.”
  

      “The person who feels secure, loved, safe and happy inside will have a secure, safe and happy life. Your inner integrity will be matched by those around you”
  


      “Happiness is a reality of NOW, it's not something that you pursue in the future. Don't pursue happiness, but EXUDE happiness.”
  

      “If you experience bliss of the Self (samadhi) amidst complete problematic stage, then know that you have met a “Gnani Purush” [the enlightened one]!”
  

      “By accepting life and truth for what they represent—the path of growth and expansion—we disempower our resistance and allow space for love, joy, happiness, faith, meaning and God, if we so desire, all existing together as one inseparable completeness.”
  

      “Happiness is our most natural state of being; a result of our synergy with the way it is.”
  

      “Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.”
  


      “Loving yourself costs nothing, but not loving yourself could cost you everything.”
  


      “Be healthy and happy.”
  

      “Happiness is important. Fun is everything.”
  


      “He takes a breath 'In my head I've been in love before, but it doesn't feel like it Being in love with you is better than the first time. It feels like the first time and the last time and the only time all at once”
  


      “The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.”
  

      “We can't choose our lives, but we can decide what to do with the joys or griefs we're given.”
  


      “Absence of Kashays (anger-pride-deceit-greed) is indeed bliss.”
  

      “It's the most unhappy people who want to stay alive, because they think they haven't done everything they want to do.”
  


      “Happiness" describes moments, and it's never permanent.”
  


      “Let what we think stands in the way, become the way, that we accept love to flow through us unimpeded...”
  

      “Happiness doesn't just happen. I'm convinced that for the most part, those who focus their minds on it, obtain it.”
  


      “Did I love them because they were the only boys in my life who consistently told me that I was beautiful? Probably. I loved The Ruperts for who they were, sure, but I mostly loved them for how they made me feel. Which was happy. The Ruperts made me happy. The simplest thing to be in the world. And the hardest.”
  



      “Her words are her wings. She's flying.”
  

      “A loving heart, determination, faith, courage, trust, belief, truth, and a solid soul create the wings with which we fly.”
  

      “Maybe it was obsession, but it was also happiness; an escape from the suckiness of everyday life. And when you find something that makes you happy and giddy and excited every day, us fangirls know a truth that everyone else seems to have forgotten: you hold on to that joy tenaciously, for as long as you can.”
  


      “Be still in peace and reach your highest peak.”
  

      “One day, your light will silence the darkness, and you will be surrounded by the beauty within.”
  

      “The Greek meaning of the word "blessed" is "supreme happiness." [see Matthew 5:3-5]”
  


      “Life is magic.”
  

      “Drizzle happiness wherever you go.”
  

      “Beauty is a heart with wings.”
  

      “Be one with yourself and revel in eternal bliss.”
  

      “The best writing speaks when the heart whispers.”
  

      “Film gives us a second chance at a first impression.”
  

      “Every day is not a day to master but an adventure to experience.”
  

      “Kind words change the world.”
  

      “Believe so brightly that everyone sees the beauty in believing.”
  

      “The Natural Law of Cause and Effect. (KARMA) For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Our world will be a much better place to live, if such natural law of cause and effect can be widely acknowledged, taught, and respected. Also, when we treat the important people and loved ones in our life with immense respect, compassion, love, dignity and honesty (cause), we will experience the most profound and loving, solid relationships – which lead to happiness, fulfillment and peace of mind (effect). All that brings us to be more in touch with who we are because we know that we are living the life we were meant to lead. And yes, everything can change for the better when we see that all of the events and reasons of our life have meaning and great value.”
  

      “Every moment nature is serving fresh dishes with the items of happiness. It is our choice to recognize and taste it.”
  


      “Joy and sadness will come and go, but happiness is a choice.”
  

      “Learning to paint like Leonardo da Vinci will not satisfy our creative desire for long, because no one specific goal can bring a lasting happiness.”
  

      “Happiness is individualized. Don't box it in. Let it fly.”
  

      “Maybe it was obsessio, but it was also happiness; an escape from the suckiness of everyday life. And when you find something that makes you happy and giddy and excited every day, us fangirls know a truth that everyone else seems to have forgotten: you hold on to that joy tenaciously, for as long as you can.”
  


      “Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a lifetime.”
  

      “Happiness is not something you pursue, it is a state of mind and a feeling of positivity, within.”
  

      “Your success should create a path that inspires others to follow.”
  

      “Do as gas balloons do, while in depression; inhale helium of happiness and fly high.”
  


      “Paint your life with the colors of kindness so that you may find the true bliss of happiness.”
  

      “When you try hard to find happiness for other, you will unknowingly find yourself on the island of happiness.”
  

      “Your state of consciousness defines your state of mind and your state of happiness.”
  

      “I hope for happiness for you.”
  

      “I would have been happier if I'd been anonymous.”
  

      “Sometimes, the most graceful way to handle something is to be decidedly ungraceful.”
  



      “Im happy to sit and be an ear to listen when the world gets wild but Id much prefer to watch the ways your eyes in sparkle in the midst of convincing me why you love the things you do. It gives me hope that someone else out there feels everything with this much depth and has the willingness to create a beautiful life from it.”
  

      “And like the sun, I will always rise.”
  

      “It’s very true; there are many more iron pots certainly than porcelain. But you may depend on it that every one bears some mark; even the hardest iron pots have a little bruise, a little hole somewhere. I flatter myself that I’m rather stout, but if I must tell you the truth I’ve beenshockingly chipped and cracked. I do very well for service yet, because I’ve been cleverly mended; and I try to remain in the cupboard—the quiet, dusky cupboard where there’s an odour of stale spices—as much as I can. Butwhen I’ve to come out and into a strong light—then, my dear, I’m a horror!”
  

      “What if someone had the potential to discover a formula to unlock the mysteries of the universe wanted to become a pulp fiction writer? What if someone who had the potential to create unparalleled gastronomic delicacies had his heart set on civil engineering? There is what we desire to do, and what we are able to do. When those two things don't coincide, which path should we pursue to find happiness?”
  


      “How I would paint happinessSomething hidden, a windfall, A meteor shower. No-A flowering tree releasing all its blossoms at once,and the one standing beneath itunexpectedly robed in bloom…”
  


      “I bring out the worst in you and you bring out the best in me.”
  


      “Follow your heart. It will lead you to where you need to be.”
  

      “The difficulties and challenges in your life are the lessons you need to learn to grow and development.”
  

      “Failures and mistakes are lessons to be learned from. They are opportunities for growth.”
  

      “We are all teachers, we all have knowledge and experiences that can teach others.”
  

      “I love the ride of life.”
  

      “Let love bloom like a flower with the fragrance of the garden of your heart filled with beauty, joy, and happiness.”
  

      “I think life isn't about age.It's about finding things that make you happy,that fulfill you,at every single stage of your life.”
  


      “Sunshine and water—the perfect recipe for happiness.”
  

      “True inner peace can startle you! Be happy, smile, have fun. But only look for inner peace when you actually need it. After all, it is the fusion of every atoms of reality itself.”
  

      “Your past karma is what you found difficult or challenging in this life. To heal your past karma you would need to learn your life lessons for this life.”
  

      “your life mustn't be a closet for dirty laundry coz you will have a smelly and messy life...Yeah no matter how much you trying to clean up,the smell won't go away until you put away the "dirty laundry”
  

      “Travel as much as you can because your life is not bigger than this world...!!!”
  

      “The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
  


      “A person feels the pain in judicious proportion to the sensitive nature cherished in own world; otherwise there is enough fun, happiness, enjoyment and pleasure in life.”
  

      “The ones you least expect earn the greatest respect.”
  


      “Every woman has beauty. Every woman has worth. Every woman deserves a chance at happiness.”
  

      “Ime te bolesti je:Mašta.To je -- crv, koji grize crne bore na čelu. To je groznica koja vas tjera da trčite sve dalje -- iako to 'dalje' počinje tamo gdje završava sreća. To je -- posljednja barikada na putu prema sreći.Radujte se: ona je već raznesena.Put je slobodan.”
  


      “Be healthy, hearty and happy.”
  

      “Good things don’t happen in bulk, they take ample time. You have to have patience.”
  

      “You've got to figure out how to be happy with yourself.Figure out what moves you,what fulfills you.For the first time,Annie,you've got to put yourself first.Don't be Dave's Annie or Amelia's mom or Charlotte's daughter.Just be Annie.”
  


      “It’s not a sin to desire pleasure and happiness, but it’s futile to look for these in the outside world when they can only be found within.”
  

      “If we cannot find happiness and meaning in the present, how can we find it in the future?”
  

      “We can give happiness a chance: happiness is learnable. Life is a choice and happiness is a question of focusing, hearing and seeing the right things behind the appearances. It is a matter of finding out, differencing worthiness and irrelevance, connectedness and distantness, warmth and aloofness, brightness and dimness. Happiness is the lucky potential to steer friskily along the cliffs of the unknown avoiding the obstacles of narcissism and conceit. ( " Happiness blowing in the wind. " )”
  

      “Accept yourself for the person you are, for all the mistakes you did and also for the transformation you’re about to experience in the future. Love your future version from this moment.”
  



      “A happy person is not without sorrow or grief. Happiness is the acceptance of pain, not the lack of it.”
  

      “Mindfulness helps you understand that the past is gone, can’t be changed and all the lessons are already learned.”
  


      “Happiness is possible regardless of outside experiences because when you love everything, the need of a physical, emotional, mental or spiritual healing is no longer required. Pure love sees only pure love in its reflection.”
  


      “Pero las ilusiones son como las telarañas, que son muy fáciles de deshacer, y en seguida volvía a la realidad. ¿Y dónde estaba la felicidad? ¿En los ayeres? ¿En los mañanas? No, ciertamente en esta hora, en este minuto, en este segundo. Sólo teníamos una cosa, una tan sólo, que nos diese una chispita de alegría: la esperanza.”
  


      “Everything real is in the present moment. Only here can we find happiness and harmony, feel alive and do something that will change our future. Only here can we be with the people we love, enjoy the things we like and see beautiful places.”
  


      “I’ve noticed that most of us don’t realize how important this moment is. They take it for granted, know it’s brief and think that it can’t change anything. But I think it can change it all.”
  


      “Most of the pain we experience, whether we realize it or not, comes from the fantasies we live in.We create our own worlds, where there are certain rules, things to be done and said and events to happen. And every time that doesn’t go according to the plan (which, basically, means anything because we have no control over what might happen and can’t predict it), we panic.”
  


      “There’s a void inside most people.It’s been created by not being contented with who we are, not being happy with what we have, not being present and looking for something more, better, more exciting out there.And we’ve always been trying to fill this void with something external.”
  


      “I worked with him in a way where there was no need to align. We felt and the feeling was simple but complex. It was the intensity in our grasp and when it was done, it was done.”
  

      “Man's obsession with his own wants is taking him further from those without whom happiness cannot be found. It is taking him from his people.”
  


      “A person with too many secrets has no happiness but burden. He/She cant find joy or peace, but those secrets enslave him or her. It doesn't matter how many secrets you keep but at the end truth always comes out. Why then burden yourself with secrets.”
  

      “Passion never fails....”
  

      “Kids want to be grown ups, adults want to be young and careless again.Single people desperately want a relationship, but those who are in one still complain almost all the time and wish for freedom.The poor want money, the rich want more of it.This means that changing your situation doesn’t prevent you from suffering, doesn’t make your desires go away.So you need to change something on the inside.”
  


      “Beware of giggle grins; they are highly contagious.”
  

      “Every place you don’t want to be at feels like a prison. And we have so many desires, expectations and go back to the past and think about the future so often, that I can safely say that we live in such a prison all the time.So each time you wish you were somewhere else right now is another solid wall you build and thus make this imaginary building even stronger.”
  


      “Never let anyone tell you that you can't achieve your goals.”
  

      “People don't get to choose their family, but if you have the family you would choose - that's happiness.”
  

      “every creative things which gives us happiness and smile ,is a form of love .”
  

      “It could be said of him that while others chased happiness, he was happy with being content.”
  


      “Positive vibrations and a genuine smile on your lips can heal the most distraught soul.”
  

      “Just love others for what they are and not what you want them to be.”
  

      “Happiness is your inherent nature. In the hustle and bustle of life, you have forgotten a part of yourself, and looking for it outside. Fill this void with happiness that is sustainable, not transitory; that illuminates your life and that of others, that is life giving and so natural.”
  


      “Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the over-compensations of misery.”
  

      “Simply just BE GRATEFUL what you have today, there is millions who'are crying for the place where you are today”
  

      “If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
  


      “Remember that the one person who can make you joyous and happy is YOU! You do not have to put the key to your own happiness in someone else's pocket!”
  

      “The quality of your thoughts and the state of your mind will define how happy you are as a person. Happiness in your life comes from the way you think!”
  

      “Happiness is not inherently free of hardship or worry: it’s a level of positive awareness and understanding we exhibit throughout and often despite the many challenges life bestows upon us. Happiness is, in other words, resilience.”
  

      “Happiness is good management of expectations and good management means making order and assembling the contingent elements of the "do's'" and the "don'ts", the "maybe yes'" and the "maybe not's". When we really want to live in agreement with ourselves and find peace with the surrounding world, good management is liberating. ( " Expectations " )”
  

      “The world looks different through a smiling face and a crying face, you know? That is, if you have the power to smile through difficult times, then you have nothing to fear. Even hell becomes heaven for you.”
  

      “Feel-good books were ones you could put down with a smile on your face, books that made you think the world was a little crazier, stranger, and more beautiful when you looked up from them.”
  



      “Everyone holds his or her own key to success and happiness. It's just that sometimes you have to test out a lot of wrong keys first to find the one that fits.”
  


      “...it's a mistake to think that happiness is the goal. I'm not sure I understand." "I was referring to the goals which you in your civilization are so good at setting yourselves, and which incidentally allow you to achieve many interesting things. But happiness is a different thing altogether. If you try to achieve it, you have every chance of failing. And besides, how would you ever know that you achieved it? Of course one can't blame people, especially unhappy people, for wanting to be happier and setting themselves goals in order to try to escape from their unhappiness.”
  


      “This is where happiness sneaks up on you, and you forgive evil people for unforgivable things because they give you a taste of a future you always thought was beyond your reach.”
  


      “Wherever you go, never forget to be the messenger and cause of happiness.”
  

      “Don't let the inconsequential fairy tales stand in your way! You do what makes you happy, no matter what.”
  


      “The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual,only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can't lick 'em, join 'em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else.”
  


      “To evade arrogance, remind yourself (from time to time) that your talent or success could have been better. To be thankful, remind yourself (every now and then) that your illness or failure could have been worse.”
  

      “The sun tried to shine through the clouds but its light was dimmed even in us; high noon approached. I looked outside through the tinted windows at the people promenading down Madison. Couples held hands, bankers squeezed through crowds of window shoppers late for their daily thieving but all of them, even the poor, seemed content with existence, some even seemed happy. Nearly everyone’s outer shell was delicate and gracious that at the end of it all, on the border of nonexistence, each and everyone was happy to be alive. Everyone carried their heads with a radiance past the space they occupied and glided through time like flamenco dancers in a studio as big as the planet. Everyone wore masks that hid their sorrow (either that or they were sincerely happy) or wore armor that lightened the burden on their shoulders. Worst of all, I could not detect ever a flicker of thought; brains mired behind viral images and videos of people making even greater fools of themselves than they already were. And as the greatest fool of them all, I walked among them, never having learned to don the mask of happiness.”
  


      “Take one child, limitless dreams, unlimited potential, pure innocence and a sponge-like brain. Force them by law to spend at least ten years of their precious youth being force-fed the most useless information. Constantly reminding them that they’re only as good as their grades in a system that teaches useless mind-numbing subjects and claims to confirm our intellect with repetition and random memory tests. I didn’t give a flying fuck about the square route of the number nine or the speed of sound; I just so desperately wanted to know the basics. Happiness, love, the things that we need in our lives; the things that help us to find confidence in ourselves, our ability and our dreams.”
  


      “Happiness depends on each person. If you think you're happy, then you must be happy.”
  

      “You must live everyday of your life or you have wasted that many days of your life ...”
  

      “My Happiness Is My Imaan And My Imaan Is In My Heart And My Heart Belongs To Allah”
  

      “Create your own path.Don't blindly follow the massess... because most of the time the "M" is silent.”
  


      “The Limoges set has brought us more joy in its absence than it ever did in our cupboards. Of course, we no longer own a set of china to pass down to our kids, but that's okay. Francois and I plan on giving our children something more valuable, the simple truth that the best way to go through life is to be a major donor of kindness. We'll tell them that it's possible to own a whole bunch of beautiful, valuable things and still be miserable. But sometimes just having a recipe for chocolate Bunt cake can make a person far, far happier.”
  


      “You Mabden seem to think that happiness must be bought with misery... It is not easy for Vadhagh to understand that. We believe -- believed -- that happiness was a natural condition of reasoning beings.”
  


      “Happy comes and goes, Tats. Loving someone isn't that crazy infatuation that you feel at first. That passes. Well, not passes, but it calms down, and then sometimes, when you least expect it, you get a glimpse of that person and it all comes back again, in a big rush. But even that's not what you're looking for. What you're looking for is the feeling that no matter what, being with that person is always going to be better than being without that person. Good times or bad. That having that person around makes whatever you're going through better, or at least more tolerable.”
  


      “It is essential of the happy life that a man would have almost no mail.”
  


      “If you surround yourself with flowers of love, peace, and kindness, you will always find yourself in a garden of joy and happiness.”
  

      “Be loving happy soul.”
  

      “Smile out loud! Make them wonder.”
  


      “Be a burst of joy.”
  

      “Absolutely everybody wants to be liked (law 1).Everyone feels different inside (less confident, less able, etc.) from how they infer other people to feel (law 2).Few honest and courageous people who have achieved anything of real value in life do not feel a fraud much of the time (law 3).Acceptance of these three 'laws' alone would save an awful lot of people an awful lot of grief!”
  


      “I'm in a "Love what you do" n " Do what you Love" kind of a place right now....”
  

      “The divine plan of happiness enables family relationships to be perpetuated beyond the grave. Sacred ordinances and covenants available in holy temples make it possible for individuals to return to the presence of God and for families to be united eternally.”
  

      “There is no one who is happier than the person who is able to control his or her life. Who does what he /she thinks its right. Who pleases himself before everyone. Who doesn't suffer from what people will say syndrome. When you have time . Find a way to please yourself. Then you will be happiest person alive.”
  

      “Happiness can't be made; it's been around since forever... just freely waiting to be chosen.”
  


      “Success is in the big things.Happiness is in the small things.Meditation is in Nothing.And, God is in everything”
  


      “Now, I don't smile because I have a perfect life or even because I'm having a perfect day - I smile because that's how I choose to deal with whatever life throws my way.”
  



      “Having a positive attitude gives you the power to uplift, the power to create change, the power to motivate, the power to inspire, the power to influence, the power to cultivate happiness, and the list goes on.”
  


      “Circumvent negative situations, people or anything that will impede progress. These things are toxic to personal achievement; desired end-points are driven by positive attitude and persistence.”
  

      “My lifetime is my existence in a sacred moment.”
  

      “Sometimes we are tested with a great idea or opportunity just to see if we will act upon it, however the timing may not be right. We are being prepared for something else down the road... When we understand that all things happen for our benefit and we trust in the Lord, then we can accept what we have termed as "failures" knowing that in the end it will all work out and we will be happy.”
  


      “Having a positive attitude gives you power. This isn't the same kind of power that dictators and warlords seek after, but rather a spiritual power. It's a power that comes to us from God.”
  


      “Do we need to wait until the next life to experience true happiness? Of course not; we can experience it now. By making that choice to be happy and optimistic, we can have a little bit of Heaven on Earth.”
  


      “Happiness is a perception—not a possession.”
  

      “Both the giving and receiving of love is encoded within our deepest physiology and is all-important. This must not be taken for granted. Its expressions in our life – or lack and denial thereof – contribute substantially to our ultimate personal success, satisfaction, and quality of life.”
  


      “Happiness only comes when you make yourself worthy of happiness by loving others.”
  

      “God says only one thing if you want to have attachment towards worldly life; go ahead and get attached to it; or else, get attached to Me. If you get attached to Me, you will get permanent happiness and if you get attached to the worldly life, you will not find contentment!”
  

      “Quiero que [mi hijo] conozca el secreto de la felicidad, algo tan sencillo que da la impresión de que por eso mucha gente no lo pilla. El truco consiste en dedicarte a hacer lo que quieras, lo que te haga feliz, siempre que no perjudiques a los que te rodean. No es hacer lo que crees que deberías. Ni lo que te parece que otros creen que deberías hacer, sino actuar de un modo que te procure una inmensa felicidad. Poder contestar con un "no" amable y educado a las cosas que no te gustan, alejarte de situaciones que no te ayudan a sentirte realizado, acercarte a aquello que te deleita. Y no hay nada que no esté dispuesto a hacer para contribuir a que mi hijo lo logre.”
  

      “Explore the elegance of love.”
  

      “One should not be obstinate even in worldly interaction. If you are obstinate with a ‘collector’, what will he do? He will throw you in jail. So then what will happen if you are obstinate with God? God won’t put you in jail, but his happiness upon you will break (will go away).”
  

      “All other things held constant, to the extent that an individual or society sees, believes in, and acts in abundance, so will it have wealth and happiness.”
  


      “Poetess:Gazing upon your clay-cup,My eyes judge that you are alike,So raise your crown, and wake-up,O' my dreamlike!Poet:My soul a boundless wave,Seeks a ray of light in solitude,You seem a queen and I a slave,Perhaps your eyes are hued?Poetess:O' ruler, disguised in veil,Thirst in your eyes an ocean for me,And my soul has pined for such zeal,You are bliss on earth craving for me.Poet:Aroma of your gentle devotion,And a stir of my visions have raised the wings,My passion is scattered alike dust in the winds,O' wise and brave, what is your emotion?Poetess:Your presence before me, an arrival of moon,My heart opening its eyelids to a new majesty,And the soul is dancing in the rapturing monsoon,O' beautiful, my yearnings lay in your agony.Poet:O' elegance of such heavenly delight,Your beauty a messenger to my heart,And my soul lay in extremes of your excite,O' pearl of my pride, my image and my art.Poetess:O' merchant of intoxicating whispers,Ecstasy arises from within your tongue,New clouds of joy are unveiling in my heart,And may such unity never be apart.Poet:O' morning dew, if you dare come close,My affection wants to hold you in its arms,Waiting are my kisses on a throne of rose,And elating are your splendid charms.Poetess:O' beautiful, O' flowing stream,Embrace my soul in your captivity,I desire to be seized in your esteem,And my heart rests in such festivity.Poet:O' blessed wine, O' sweetness of my existence,Your love arose like the morning sun upon my chest,Elevating me and pouring like a spring within my breast.”
  

      “Your friends can be double-edged knife thy can either nurture you or destroy you. Choose them Wisely......”
  


      “Life is about cherishing memories, getting lost in moments of beauty, and enjoying profound joy and happiness.”
  

      “Not only is happiness not money, it is not even like money.”
  


      “Love, kindness, compassion, and forgiveness are the secrets of all peace and happiness.”
  

      “Happiness can only bloom in the garden of peace.”
  

      “If our purpose of life is live in peace and happiness, then why are we always preparing for war?”
  

      “Boredom is a positive attitude's enemy.”
  


      “Boredom is the Devil's delight.”
  


      “Life is so precious! Live with love, joy, happiness, and abundance.”
  

      “Plânsul de fericire e mai dureros și mai devastator decât cel cauzat de nenorocire, poate pentru că în sufletul nostru e atât de mult loc pentru nefericire și atât de puțin pentru fericire, încât, atunci când aceasta e prea multă, ea se revarsă în torenți pe care nu-i putem controla.”
  


      “Happiness is a fresh flower!”
  

      “Satan wants you to believe that you don't have a choice in the matter. You can't be happy until things go the way that you want them to. Once you have the perfect marriage, your finances under control, a better job, or a nicer home - then you'll be happy. LIES, LIES, LIES. You will never be happy until you make the decision to do so.”
  


      “Song is song.”
  

      “We must stand firm between two kinds of madness: the belief that we can do anything; and the belief that we can do nothing.”
  

      “Be as fierce as a lion. Let the world hear you roar.”
  



      “In order to be a success, you must think like success. Get up and move! You got to make things happen.”
  


      “Stop wasting any more time looking outside of 'you' for what is not there. Look within and you will find the treasure you seek.”
  


      “Believe God for something today. Prayer is the key to connecting with God and allowing Him to speak to your spirit. Open your heart and free your mind.”
  


      “Let us be kind and compassionate to all beings. Everyone wants to enjoy their lives, everyone has sufferings, and everyone wants peace and happiness.”
  

      “Thought awareness is the first step in the process of managing negative thoughts, as you cannot manage thoughts that you are unaware of.”
  


      “I mean everyone has a different opinion of you – so many boxes for you to fit into!”
  


      “All your strength must come from within, because no external source can provide it.”
  


      “It has been suggested that your true self is who you are when no one else is looking. True self is personal; true self is deep; true self is complete; true self is important.”
  


      “You can radically alter the worth of your life when you develop inner voices that serve and support your true purpose.”
  


      “Do what other successful people are doing, that is how you can be brilliant.”
  


      “Don’t look on in awe, emulate your idols and become one in the process.”
  


      “Once upon a time it took many years of hard work to establish a winning business, but today that time scale has been cut down to months … not years.”
  


      “Whatever feelings you think you would have if your financial goals were met, feel them now!”
  


      “Only when your old mental patterns have been ditched will you be able to put your ideas into action.”
  


      “Do you know why the rich get richer? It’s is because they spend time with other rich people.”
  


      “Motivation is a state of mind, just like discouragement.”
  


      “For success we need to focus with a converging thought process.”
  


      “Your beliefs attract to you the life you experience.”
  


      “You must realize that money is not good or evil; it is a tool for expressing your creative energy in the physical world.”
  


      “Say It Out Loud: I AM beautiful. I AM worthy. I AM somebody. I DO deserve to be genuinely loved. I DO deserve to be respected. I DO deserve happiness.”
  

      “...those occasional people who seem to achieve some kind of happiness here like your two dead colleagues, these are the things that Hell allows to flourish in tiny, stunted bursts, to make it immeasurably worse for everyone else.”
  


      “Success is not usually the result of pure chance or fluke. Mind you, neither is a failure the result of bad luck.”
  


      “Happiness is the ultimate beauty of life.”
  

      “What we imagine to be true becomes true.”
  


      “To acquire great wealth quickly you must be a person who shares generously.”
  


      “No matter how small you start, always dream and think BIG. If you start with small thoughts then you will stay with small thoughts.”
  


      “A pure white puppy followed on the girl’s heels, barking, and the girl laughed in the breathless, drunken way of children as she ran into the hallway.”
  


      “Happiness is an awareness—a blissful perception, not in ownership or in material possessions.”
  

      “Happiness is happiness.”
  

      “Quotes help us understand , inspire , motivate ,clarify and show our approach to things around , this is why people and I love quotes”
  



      “You will never know the purest love you can give a person, until the day you hurt because they hurt. You genuinely want them to succeed in life and be free from all the chains that keep them from being happy, whether you are in their life or not.”
  

      “Repeating positive installing statements for a few minutes, and then thinking negatively the rest of the day neutralizes the effects of the positive words.”
  


      “The choices you make in life creates your destiny.”
  


      “You don’t have to affirm the positive after you have released a negative belief!”
  


      “Positive energy radiates from every word you share to a magnitude that can not be measured on scale. The vibrations he sends your way are received and absorbed into the very core of your existence. The power within his words quench the areas of your spirit that only God knows. Mortality thrives on the very essence of Godly Love”
  


      “I am successful and I love the fact that being successful allows me to choose the 'when', 'why', 'where' and 'how' of spending my time and energy.”
  


      “No one is going to put their life on hold and do it for you – they are too busy frantically peddling their own lives along to stop and give you a hand.”
  


      “Any ideas how we can develop a strategy for success? The answer is ... developing an action plan. It’s that simple!”
  


      “Yes believe it or not all self-made millionaires have had to get their hands dirty at some point in their rags to riches story.”
  


      “According to your strategy plan and how it looks is commensurate with how much effort you will apply to achieving success.”
  


      “Split-second decision-making sets winners apart from losers.”
  


      “Getting out of bed with a smile on your face most days is the start of being and knowing you are successful.”
  


      “Perhaps you have an appetite to help others, to give of yourself so that others can have a better life ... and in so doing you yourself become successful.”
  


      “A releasing statement works as though you are holding your belief tightly in your hand, then put your arm out and let it go! A releasing statement removes stumbling blocks from your mind, once done then you can use affirmations with success.”
  


      “Don’t give up! Remember, we love to be enchanted by flowers in bloom… but don’t forget that it took many rainy days to achieve such beauty. Your bloom is coming!”
  

      “Words and statements work both ways - to build or destroy.”
  


      “Many are concerned with going to heaven or hell, But fail to realize that you can be living in heaven or hell right here on Earth.”
  


      “Every day there are opportunities for me, and I take them.”
  


      “A self-limiting belief is no stronger than the flimsy rope that tethers an elephant by its foot.”
  


      “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.”
  


      “One of the biggest secrets of success is delegation. Exactly the method Sir Richard Branson uses! If it helped him become a billionaire businessman then it is worth utilizing in your own life/business, etc.”
  


      “You have to learn when it’s best to delegate those hard physical jobs to others while you tackle the heavy thinking.”
  


      “You have to see every unit of currency that passes through your hands as a seed to your financial future.”
  


      “The secret to becoming wealthy and successful is thinking wealthy and successful!”
  


      “Instead of thinking 'law of attraction', think 'unlimited abundance'.”
  


      “The only difference, apart from heaps of cash, between someone who is wealthy and someone who is poor is having the right mindset and attitude.”
  


      “The poor want a few dollars more - the rich focus on making more.”
  


      “If you solely focus only on financial survival then that is where you will always be.”
  


      “The wealthy do not focus on day-to-day short-term survival. Successful people focus on wealth building assets.”
  


      “Sometimes happiness can come very simply, purely, merely if one is ready to embrace it with open arms.”
  



      “If you truly loved someone and they couldn't be in your life you won't hurt them. You will pray for them. You will hope that they find their happiness and place in this world. You will want them to have the best life because love isn't about possession, fear or desperation. When you have a grasp on eternity you don't need to feel time is running out. Time is all you have. Love isn’t a game of musical chairs--grab a partner and sit down. It is a search for the right fit for your soul and life purpose. In a life that never ends you will either find the one that sees you as much as you see them, 0r who knows? Maybe, if there are such things as soulmates, God will introduce you, but keep you far enough apart, until each of you fulfill something more important for your growth or God’s plan. Regardless, when you can face eternity alone you will know what true love is and that letting go is not an insult to your soul. You can smile because the person you loved has your blessings of protection with them and God has your best interest also in mind. You will find that person to complete you because God wants you to, as much as you do.”
  

      “Life must be lived forward but only makes sense by looking backward. Only in retrospect do the pieces of the puzzle connect, revealing an intelligently orchestrated evolution. Our journey through life is in a way like walking blindfolded.”
  

      “Real happiness provides you the confidence that you never thought was obtainable.”
  


      “You_UnstoppableYouDreamer mostYouRomantic in mind than heartYouKissed me while I wanted YouNever step back YouHealed me by loveYouTold me who I amYouLoved me more than I didYouTook in your armYouGave me a life without painIAlive or deadI Am a part of youWeLoved by each other ”
  

      “The more I time-travel the more I learn I am always just where I need to be.”
  


      “Happiness is not giddiness or some overly inflated sense of being.”
  


      “Throughout history--even a hundred years ago, even fifty--it was discontent that was considered the threat to society, the defiance of natural law, the danger that had to be exterminated at all costs. Now it's contentment,”
  


      “Our fragile, perishable bodies are not who we are. We are the sum of fleeting moments that belong to us for eternity. It is our choice and responsibility to create moments of beauty and grace, instead of despair and suffering.”
  

      “If you look at your life as a garden you would see that the soil is rich, full of potential, possibility and promise. But in order for your garden to be bountiful, you must plant the right seeds, water it with love and provide the positive energy of light, inspiration andaction. Always, always be careful of others who will try to plant seeds of despair, try to block out your rain with hate and try to block out your light with their darkness. I wish you a bountiful garden and ask that you take control of your life so that your garden will bloom with all the beautiful and bountiful fruits and flowers that you desire.- Inshan Meahjohn, The Hidden Path”
  

      “Enjoy the ride of a sacred life.”
  

      “Use your senses to SEE yourself for who you truly are. SMELL the flowers and become one with nature. TASTE the goodness of God. HEAR the truth. TOUCH the hearts of others with kindness and honest deeds.”
  


      “Happiness was the responsibility you dreaded, it required the kind of rational discipline you did not value yourself enough to assume - and the anxious staleness of your days is the monument to your evasion of the knowledge that there is no moral substitute for happiness, that there is no more despicable coward than the man who deserted the battle for his joy, fearing to assert his right to existence, lacking the courage and the loyalty to life of a bird or a flower reaching for the sun. Discard the protective rags of that vice which you called a virtue: humility - learn to value yourself, which means: to fight for your happiness - and when you learn that pride is the sum of all virtues, you will learn to live like a man.”
  


      “Happiness is . . . appreciating what we have while having it!”
  

      “It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”
  


      “I want to be happy. Like seventy to eighty percent of the time. I want to be actively, thoughtfully happy.”
  


      “Religion serves all of us; men, women, gays, straights, blacks, whites, Americans and Indians. If it does not comply with our needs, wishes and happiness, then religion without a doubt is a plague that must be stopped.”
  

      “I think Mrs. Leidner seems happier already from just talking about it. That's always a help, you know. It's bottling things up that makes them get on your nerves.”
  


      “The longing for Joy is in itself Joy. When he recalled when he had experienced Joy, he was, in that recollection, experiencing Joy anew, though he knew it not. Joy was not a state; it was an arrow pointing to something beyond all states, something objective yet unattainable – at least in our earthly existence.”
  


      “Marafiki wanaweza kukupotosha bila wao wenyewe kujua na bila kuwa na nia mbaya ya aina yoyote ile; na wanaweza kuwa washauri wazuri kwa sababu wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na huzuni, na wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na furaha pia. Kwa mfano; rafiki yako anaweza kukushauri kusomea uhasibu wakati Mungu amekupangia utawala, au anaweza kujua aongee na wewe wakati gani kulingana na tabia yako ya kubadilikabadilika. Maadui wanasaidia kujua kipaji ulichopewa na Mungu – ukifanya kitu ambacho si cha kawaida katika maisha yako halafu ukawa na maadui ujue hicho ndicho Mungu alichokupangia kufanya, hivyo usikate tamaa – na mashabiki wanasaidia kufanya kipaji chako kiwe na uhai.”
  

      “Don't let your ego put you in a compromising situation. Don't allow your pride to keep you from seeking the help you need. And don't give in to your fears. Stay focused.”
  


      “What totally different feelings did Emma take back into the house from what she had brought out!- she had then been only daring to hope for a little respite of suffering;- she was now in an exquisite site fluttering of happiness moreover as she believed must still be greater when the flutter should have passed away”
  

      “The greatest happiness is seeing the people you love happy.”
  

      “Shukladhyan (pure contemplation of the Self, the Soul) is the direct cause for moksha (liberation). Dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to hurt no one, give happiness to others) is the indirect cause for moksh (liberation). Artadhyan (inner mournful contemplation that hurts the self) is a cause for a birth in animal life form (non-human). Raudradhyan (wrathful contemplation that hurts the self and others) is a cause for a life in hell.”
  

      “Love is the way to happiness.”
  

      “On the surface, reality may appear the same each day, but in essence, we are new every moment of our lives. The potential for change and growth is unlimited if we allow ourselves to surrender to the flow.”
  

      “The light is all around, but to find it, we need to look inside our hearts. We can go through life and search in all the wrong places. But one day we’ll look within and we’ll find the entire universe.”
  

      “You will find the greatest happiness in letting yourself be.”
  

      “I live loving life.”
  

      “Happiness is a hot bath on a Sunday afternoon.”
  

      “The most glorious moment you will ever experience in your life is when you look back and see how God was protecting you all this time.”
  

      “October knew, of course, that the action of turning a page, of ending a chapter or shutting a book, did not end the tale.Having admitted that, he would also avow that happy endings were never difficult to find: "It is simply a matter," he explained to April, "of finding a sunny place in a garden, where the light is golden and the grass is soft; somewhere to rest, to stop reading, and to be content.”
  



      “It was too sweet a moment to ruin by speaking mere words. Happiness was the bright blue moon, beaming amidst the bright stars of smiles that enveloped their countenances.”
  


      “Perhaps the only way to be often happy with everything happening around or anywhere is to feel nothing about anything and anyone, but always bear in mind that only a lunatic stays in such mood.”
  

      “Words have power, and when you speak you give them life. Speak into the atmosphere. Speak into existence what you believe, desire, dream, and hope.”
  


      “I’ve become this happiness scavenger who picks away at the ugliness of the world, because if there’s happiness tucked away in my tragedies, I’ll find it no matter what.”
  


      “When your soul whispers listen, when your heart speaks listen. Whenever you know it's real love, don't let it pass you by.”
  


      “Happiness depends on sound sleep, orderly bowels and regular meals.”
  


      “When it becomes above normal, material happiness will feel like misery.”
  

      “If you want new results, get a new mindset!”
  

      “happiness comes again if you let it.”
  


      “Stop and think about who you are and where you've come from. Love yourself and comfort your spirit. Don't go wandering the streets looking for love and attention. Self love and respect must be a priority”
  


      “Yeah, but if your heart isn't in it, you need to be where your heart is.”
  


      “Yeah, but if you r heart isn't in it, you need to be where your heart is.”
  

      “Beautiful things happen when you believe, just open your heart and your mind to conceive.”
  


      “As much longing for worldly happiness (of 5 senses) there is, that much less is the spiritual development.”
  

      “It was one of those brief spells of complete happiness that come once in a rare while, an unlooked for gift of God, when the forces of darkness, of sorrow and temptation seem miraculously held back, a breathing space in the battle.”
  


      “Happiness that comes and never leaves; it is called the bliss of the Soul.”
  

      “Real happiness and peace is attained only if one comes into one’s true Self.”
  

      “A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.”
  


      “Fewer the necessities, better your life will be.”
  

      “You don't have to live in anyone's shadow. Allow your unique characteristics to shine forth and Illuminate your way.”
  


      “Fruit of discharge karma with shukladhyan (contemplation as the Self, Pure Soul) is moksha, and fruit of discharge karma with dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) is tremendous punya. It binds punyanubandhi punya (merit karma which binds more merit karma).”
  

      “Only when there is dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) in the body, then there is shukladhyan in the Self (contemplation as the Self, the Soul).”
  

      “Nothing is sweeter than being unapologetically you. Don't live your life just to impress others. Reveal your truth, Express your love, Live your dreams.”
  


      “Before you can make your dreams work, you have to get out of bed!!”
  

      “Dreams are never too big, you will grow into them.”
  

      “If you network you need to network with people who can help you.”
  

      “My everlasting Summer fills heart with laughter like a blooming flower... Her diverse sounds is nature's symphony, sprinkle delight, with comfort of ocean breeze which needs no attest.. The unique every moment of soul's revival and its sun to shine...”
  

      “Take a deep breath. Inhale peace. Exhale happiness.”
  

      “Quality of life depends on quality and quantity of happiness.”
  

      “Love is the only bridge between life and happiness.”
  

      “You cannot fill your life with happiness when you insist on living a stressful life.”
  

      “Never allow anyone to hold the key to your happiness, key to your heart, or key to your dreams. Be in control of your life and build your hopes on things eternal. No one should have the power to manipulate your life, optimism, love, or success.”
  



      “The moment of your greatest joy sustains:Not axe nor hammerTumor, tremorCan take it away, and it remainsIt remains”
  

      “The universe created us to be happy.”
  

      “You need to be wherever your heart is. Relocate if need be. No shame in that.”
  


      “Expect success, abundance, and happiness. You will attract only that which you expect.”
  

      “I AM NOT QUICK,NOT STRONG AS A BRICK,ME NEVER HAPPINESS PICK,IN MY DECISION I STICK,PEOPLE TRY TO TRICK,BUT MY HEART IS THICK.”
  

      “A basic framework for happiness:- Time spent daily, hopefully in a job that challenges us, but also in our after-hours hobbies.- An ability to show ourselves that we are making consistent progress and improvements toward a specified goal.- Energy and attention dedicated each day to an activity that puts us in the zone.”
  


      “To attract all the beauty of life, spread the fragrance of happiness like a dancing flower of peace.”
  

      “The beauty of life is in happiness.”
  

      “You will make the world a magnificent place with the magic of your kindness, beauty, peace, and happiness.”
  

      “Nem lehet boldoggá tenni az embereket akaratuk ellenére... Viszont ami a boldogtalanná tevést illeti...”
  


      “Hope is my guideline, happiness is my purpose, and love is my life’s strength and power.”
  

      “To all who have known really happy family lives, that is, to all who have known or who have witnessed the greatest happiness which there can be on this earth, it is hardly necessary to say that the highest idea of the family is attainable only where the father and mother stand to each other as lovers and friends. In these homes the children are bound to father and mother by ties of love, respect, and obedience, which are simply strengthened by the fact that they are treated as reasonable beings with rights of their own, and that the rule of the household is changed to suit the changing years, as childhood passes into manhood and womanhood.”
  

      “May your home always be filled with love, laughter and happiness.”
  

      “To be happy you must have happy thoughts.”
  

      “Whosoever advocates the ban of religion should forget politics”
  

      “All I'm trying to say is, you may not know that the path you chose will lead to happiness, but as long you know that what you want is happiness, you'll have the courage to move forward”
  


      “I came to this world to bloom and spread my love to fill the world with happiness.”
  

      “The measure of success is not by opulence but by happiness”
  

      “Se simțise, de fapt, înghesuit și împins înainte, se lăsase fără un cuvânt, cu conștiința că nu se poate schimba nimic, cu conștiința că nu avea puterea necesară pentru a se împotrivi forței care îl mâna. Merg cu curentul... Aceste momente de armonie cu voința superioară, cu voința firmei, au fost întotdeauna cele mai fericite. Umilința unei asemenea fericiri era evidentă.”
  


      “Conducting an investigation is the result of a crime that has taken place. Sometimes you have to accept the facts, make peace, and move on with love still in your heart. Fate is out of our reach.”
  

      “My wife and I were invited to have lunch with one of the wealthiest men in the world. He was seventy-five years old. Tears came down his cheeks. “I am the most miserable man in the world,” he said. I have everything anyone could ever want. If I want to go anywhere, I have my own yacht or private plane. But down inside I’m miserable and empty.” Shortly after, I met another man who preached in a small church nearby. He was vivacious and full of life, and he told us, “I don’t have a penny to my name, but I’m the happiest man in the world!”
  


      “We say, “Happy are the clever, for they shall inherit the admiration of their friends”; “Happy are the aggressive, for they shall inherit a career”; “Happy are the rich, for they shall inherit a world of friendsand a house full of modern gadgets.” Jesus said, “[Happy] are the meek; for they shallinherit the earth” [see Matthew 5:5]. If we want the secret of happiness . . ."meekness” is a basic key.”
  


      “The mourning of inadequacy is a weeping that catches the attention of God . . .The happiest day of my life was when I realized that my own ability, my own goodness, my own morality was insufficient in the sight of God; and I publicly and openly acknowledged my need of Christ.”
  


      “Just because you stumbled a few times in the past doesn't mean you won't overcome. Realize that adversity and challenges arise, but you are made stronger. Embrace the day. Seize the moment. Your time is now.”
  


      “Freedom begins in the mind of the individual. You'll never be able to do a particular thing if you don't navigate your thoughts positively. Complaining and neglecting to take action creates stagnation. Free your mind and the rest will follow.”
  


      “It is the presence of sin that prevents man from being truly happy.”
  


      “The beauty of life isn't the perfectioned moments or storybook endings; the beauty of life is when you fall flat on your face, the Lord picks you up, then you look around and cheer, after all, a merry heart is the medicine!”
  

      “The perpetual movement of the water, rolling from and to unknown destinations, the voices of the sea shield us from the raging furies and shrieking sounds of dystopian surroundings, creating an unwinding veil for stilled happiness, acquainting us with the gentle, cosmic rhythms of an extraneous world. They are a soothing relief and let us listen to the voices of our inner world. ("Voices of the sea" )”
  

      “I would do my damn best to be more happy than not.”
  



      “Le bonheur est cette danse où l'on s'approche et l'on s'écarte sans se perdre. Il est même fait des larmes des longues séparations à condition que viennent les retrouvailles.”
  


      “The empty spaces of your soul are the ones you search for, pray for and want so desperately to be filled. They are also the spaces that will never be filled, until you are ready to do something you have never done.”
  

      “If someone provokes you, and you don't react. If someone hurts you and you forgive. If someone hates you, and you love them back, they will have served you greatly.”
  


      “The best friend you will ever find is you. Love yourself with joy and fill your heart with bliss and happiness.”
  

      “Four great adventures; read, learn, write and travel.”
  

      “Your happiness cannot depend on anyone. Your happiness is yours to build and enjoy. No one, absolutely no one, is indispensable in this life. Do not base your happiness on someone, base it on yourself and it will last much longer”
  


      “Let us be the joy to find the joyLet us be the love to find the loveLet us be kind to find kindnessLet us be happy to find happiness.Let us be simple to find simplicityLet us be modest to find modestyLet us feel to comprehend Let us listen to understand Let us live our life to beLet us close our eyes to see.”
  

      “There's nothing on earth like the feel of someone who loves you grasping your hand in the dark when you're lost and afraid”
  


      “Ideally, the pursuit of truth is said to be at the heart of the intellectual's business, but this credits his business too much and not quite enough. As with the pursuit of happiness, the pursuit of truth is itself gratifying whereas consummation often turns out to be elusive. Truth captured loses its glamour; truths long known and widely believed have a way of turning false with time; easy truths are bore and too many of them become half truths. Whatever the intellectual is too certain of, if he is healthily playful, he begins to find unsatisfactory. The meaning of his intellectual life lies not in the possession of truth but in the quest for new uncertainties. Harold Rosenberg summed up this side of the life of the mind supremely well when he said that the intellectual is one who turns answers into questions.”
  


      “When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.”
  

      “Tertawalah selagi ada peluang, meski hanya sejenak.”
  


      “Life ought to be live with great optimism.”
  


      “The highest happiness on earth exists in the donation of self for the betterment of others.”
  

      “Happiness and success require the highest possible optimism, with minimal expectations. Optimize without limits, and expect anything in particular.”
  


      “Happiness is not found in success, but it is found in the essence and byproduct of success.”
  

      “Happiness is there when you are in love with what you are doing.”
  

      “... after daybreak is when I will already have died. At that moment I will only know of beautiful things: the certainties, the desires. When the sun bathes me, I will be something else: without mirrors, without sadness. I will have passed away, but will have been reborn. I will whistle mellifluous melodies. Discredited but, in the end, light.”
  


      “I am the happiest soul.”
  

      “Nobody would have been able to understand the depth of my joy and the extent of my happiness unless they had themselves gone through what I just had.”
  


      “Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
  


      “No man can demonstrate peace and cling to unhappiness.”
  


      “Life was full of so many possibilities - why should you spend even one day of it being bored?”
  


      “Joy of life is to be content.”
  

      “Happy is the person who has learned the secret of being content with whatever life brings him, and has learned to rejoice in thesimple and beautiful things around him.”
  


      “Do you really want happiness? Then you will have to pay the price of humbling yourself at the foot of the cross and receiving Christ as Savior.”
  


      “Happiness is a choice, but grief is a certainty.”
  


      “Christ said there is a happiness in that acknowledgement of spiritual poverty which lets God come into our souls.”
  


      “Showing others their way out of the dark is how you find yours.”
  



      “Whenever you felt true happiness, it was because in that moment you were kind and loving.”
  


      “NOW is the owner of the FUTURE”
  

      “There's many ways to be wealthy, and there's many wealthy people that are very poor. Success is not about money, it's happiness, inner peace, and loving yourself. Happiness and inner peace can come from your faith in God, and loving yourself is part of His plan.”
  

      “There's a “Pleasure"of happinessIn every thing I really wanna doWhen I find true happinessIn every thing I can do - Cocoy McCoy -”
  

      “Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
  


      “Great journey, great joy.”
  


      “There would be a lot less broken hearts when a relationship fails, if people would understand there’s no reason to want someone that doesn’t want you. Never allow yourself to feel half empty, when you deserve a relationship that will fill your heart with happiness.”
  

      “Like alcohol and poverty, a heartbreak has the power to make a man do something he wouldn’t normally do and to make a woman do someone she wouldn’t normally do.”
  

      “Embrace each other with joyful smiles and sacred kiss.”
  


      “Without climbing the mountain of hardship, one may not know the joy of hope.”
  


      “O Lord, only you can satisfy my soul.”
  


      “Always give but never expect. Giving is happiness; disappointment is sadness.”
  

      “Without a regular pay for two years, I appreciate the timeless provisions of God.”
  


      “I can’t help but to dance!”
  


      “It is essential to our health and happiness that we dedicate ourselves to some kind of mission or purpose that transcends the mundane hustle and bustle of daily living.”
  


      “Dancing is my daily exercise.”
  


      “Be cheerful!”
  


      “I dance to music in my heart.”
  


      “I dance to the music in my heart.”
  


      “If you have job, be grateful.”
  


      “The joy of this day is splendid.”
  


      “Love fuels a happy soul.”
  


      “Enjoy the sacred moment while it lingers.”
  


      “Not only a man without hand is handicapped but also a man without health.”
  

      “Et pierre parmi les pierres, il retourna dans la joie de son coeur à la vérité des mondes immobiles”
  

      “Without harming anyone, how can I make this world more peaceful? How can I help others to fulfill their desires? How can I enhance and enrich the beauty and happiness for humanity?”
  

      “Estaba feliz de haber perdido todo.”
  


      “Every life has a divine purpose and that is to be happy.”
  

      “Focusing on the beauty of life is insight. Enjoying the beauty of life is happiness.”
  

      “So far there'll always be some thrive for perfection, there should be no shame in imperfection.”
  

      “Hate the sin, love the sinner.” (Gandhi) - Restrict the damager and make selfish actions unworthy together, but let them know that its not hatred. Help another to have a better life and all have a benefit.”
  

      “Renew your mind every morning with pure thoughts.”
  



      “Happiness is spending time with the one you love without a worry or a care.”
  

      “He who possesses forgiveness is able to enjoy true happiness.”
  

      “Every new morning, I write a grateful gratitude for the new grace.”
  


      “Biblia pamoja na historia vinatwambia kuwa mitume kumi na wawili wa Yesu Kristo waliamua kufa kinyama kama mfalme wao alivyokufa, kwa sababu walikataa kukana imani yao juu ya Yesu Kristo.Mathayo alikufa kwa ajili ya Ukristo nchini Ethiopia kwa jeraha lililotokana na kisu kikali, Marko akavutwa na farasi katika mitaa ya Alexandria nchini Misri mpaka akafa, kwa sababu alikataa kukana jina la Yesu Kristo.Luka alinyongwa nchini Ugiriki kwa sababu ya kuhubiri Injili ya Yesu Kristo katika nchi ambapo watu hawakumtambua Yesu.Yohana alichemshwa katika pipa la mafuta ya moto katika kipindi cha mateso makubwa ya Wakristo nchini Roma, lakini kimiujiza akaponea chupuchupu, kabla ya kufungwa katika gereza la kisiwa cha Patmo (Ugiriki) ambapo ndipo alipoandika kitabu cha Ufunuo. Mtume Yohana baadaye aliachiwa huru na kurudi Uturuki, ambapo alimtumikia Bwana kama Askofu wa Edessa. Alikufa kwa uzee, akiwa mtume pekee aliyekufa kwa amani.Petro alisulubiwa kichwa chini miguu juu katika msalaba wa umbo la X kulingana na desturi za kikanisa za kipindi hicho, kwa sababu aliwaambia maadui zake ya kuwa alijisikia vibaya kufa kama alivyokufa mfalme wake Yesu Kristo.Yakobo ndugu yake na Yesu (Yakobo Mkubwa), kiongozi wa kanisa mjini Yerusalemu, alirushwa kutoka juu ya mnara wa kusini-mashariki wa hekalu aliloliongoza la Hekalu Takatifu (zaidi ya futi mia moja kwenda chini) na baadaye kupigwa kwa virungu mpaka akafa, alipokataa kukana imani yake juu ya Yesu Kristo.Yakobo mwana wa Zebedayo (Yakobo Mdogo) alikuwa mvuvi kabla Yesu Kristo hajamwita kuwa mchungaji wa Injili yake. Kama kiongozi wa kanisa hatimaye, Yakobo aliuwawa kwa kukatwa kichwa mjini Yerusalemu. Afisa wa Kirumi aliyemlinda Yakobo alishangaa sana jinsi Yakobo alivyolinda imani yake siku kesi yake iliposomwa. Baadaye afisa huyo alimsogelea Yakobo katika eneo la mauti. Nafsi yake ilipomsuta, alijitoa hatiani mbele ya hakimu kwa kumkubali Yesu Kristo kama kiongozi wa maisha yake; halafu akapiga magoti pembeni kwa Yakobo, ili na yeye akatwe kichwa kama mfuasi wa Yesu Kristo.Bartholomayo, ambaye pia alijulikana kama Nathanali, alikuwa mmisionari huko Asia. Alimshuhudia Yesu mfalme wa wafalme katika Uturuki ya leo.Bartholomayo aliteswa kwa sababu ya mahubiri yake huko Armenia, ambako inasemekana aliuwawa kwa kuchapwa bakora mbele ya halaiki ya watu iliyomdhihaki.Andrea alisulubiwa katika msalaba wa X huko Patras nchini Ugiriki. Baada ya kuchapwa bakora kinyama na walinzi saba, alifungwa mwili mzima kwenye msalaba ili ateseke zaidi. Wafuasi wake waliokuwepo katika eneo la tukio waliripoti ya kuwa, alipokuwa akipelekwa msalabani, Andrea aliusalimia msalaba huo kwa maneno yafuatayo: "Nimekuwa nikitamani sana na nimekuwa nikiitegemea sana saa hii ya furaha. Msalaba uliwekwa wakfu na Mwenyezi Mungu baada ya mwili wa Yesu Kristo kuning’inizwa juu yake." Aliendelea kuwahubiria maadui zake kwa siku mbili zaidi, akiwa msalabani, mpaka akaishiwa na nguvu na kuaga dunia.Tomaso alichomwa mkuki nchini India katika mojawapo ya safari zake za kimisionari akiwa na lengo la kuanzisha kanisa la Yesu Kristo katika bara la India.Mathiya alichaguliwa na mitume kuchukua nafasi ya Yuda Iskarioti, baada ya kifo cha Yuda katika dimbwi la damu nchini India. Taarifa kuhusiana na maisha na kifo cha Mathiya zinachanganya na hazijulikani sawasawa. Lakini ipo imani kwamba Mathiya alipigwa mawe na Wayahudi huko Yerusalemu, kisha akauwawa kwa kukatwa kichwa.Yuda Tadei, ndugu yake na Yesu, aliuwawa kwa mishale alipokataa kukana imani yake juu ya Yesu Kristo.Mitume walikuwa na imani kubwa kwa sababu walishuhudia ufufuo wa Yesu Kristo, na miujiza mingine. Biblia ni kiwanda cha imani. Tunapaswa kuiamini Biblia kama mitume walivyomwamini Yesu Kristo, kwa sababu Biblia iliandikwa na mitume.”
  

      “On the off-chance you won't live forever, maybe you should try being happy now.”
  


      “Be happy for what you have.”
  

      “And then, like most of the times she went down that road of thought, things started lighting up. Rays filtered through the smog like tentacles – and a quite intangible hope infected the darkness with its resolution. She never knew where these urges to 'move forward' came from. Their source eluded her – but she knew they were there somewhere, just as mysterious and uncontrollable as the darkness. Treacles of light had unwittingly penetrated these dark alleyways in her thinking. Illumination came slowly, but it was undeniable.”
  


      “A peaceful mind is the source of all joy and all happiness.”
  

      “Don't be afraid of challenges. Let them take you somewhere new.”
  

      “Pour yourself completely into you and what brings you joy and moves you toward your goals. No one deserves your beautiful love and attention more than you!”
  

      “Being your authentic self is the ultimate secret to happiness in life.”
  

      “Life is singing with joy when you're smiling.”
  

      “After each of his books, the writer, for a while, feels once again that he can now die happy.”
  


      “You must change your ideals and values if you find yourself fighting the same battles year after year.”
  


      “I got back into the car thinking how lucky I was to be aware of happiness!”
  

      “I sought my liberty and the liberty of all, my happiness and the happiness of all. I wanted a roof for every family, bread for every mouth, education for every heart, light for every intellect. I am convinced that human history has not yet begun, that we find ourselves in the last period of the prehistoric. I see with the eyes of my soul how the sky is diffused with the rays of the new millennium.”
  

      “There are thousands of ways to get rich, but there is only one way to reach the island of happiness. You need unconditional love to reach that island.”
  

      “Let us be kind. Let us love to live in harmony, peace, and happiness.”
  

      “Love keeps heart warm.”
  


      “Love keeps my heart warm.,”
  


      “Our most important duty in life is to love. Our most important success in life is happiness.”
  

      “Life without love is empty; success without happiness is a mirage.”
  

      “Happiness is an indescribable intense ecstasy of life that comes from deep love and kindness for the world and all of its contents.”
  

      “A sound body with a non-judgmental mind and a heart full of love is the fountain of happiness.”
  

      “The ultimate profit of all businesses should be happiness.”
  

      “I FELT HAPPINESS LIKE A BLIND,TILL I HAD A SATISFIED MIND.SORROW FOR WHAT I LOST,IS LIKE DREAMS THAT COST.”
  

      “You see how people get through their misfortunes, if they have but a heart to bear up against them, and do nothing that can lie on their conscience afterwards; and how suddenly one comes to be happy, just when one is beginning to think one never is to be happy again! ...who would have thought we should ever know what it is to be happy! Yet here we are all abroad once more! All at liberty! And may run, if we will, straight forward, from one end of the earth to the other, and back again without being stopped! May fly in the sea, or swim in the sky, or tumble over head and heels into the moon! For remember, my good friends, we have no lead in our consciences to keep us down!”
  

      “A simple prayer can change your entire outlook on your day.”
  



      “I've erased the word "Easy" from my vocabulary. Easy won't get you very far.”
  


      “Be authentic at all times. That's what makes you real.”
  


      “How much you are willing to sacrifice will show up in the process and the end result.”
  


      “The next time your in a conversation and you hear a so called “friend" of yours downing someone they associate with on a regular basis, reply, "Wow, the crazy part is this person thinks your their friend.”
  


      “You would realize how good you had it, if God allowed you to see how many people were trying to take it from you.”
  


      “Don't allow anyone to determine how far you can take your dreams.”
  


      “Once money is no longer your slave master, you'll see things differently. Be mindful because a dependent mind will never go against the holder of the gold.”
  


      “It takes a real friend not to change their perception of you when God begins to bless you.”
  


      “Small minds want you to stay small with them. When you reach for higher grounds, they work hard to bring you back.”
  


      “You can't change people but you can provide an alternative to how they see their life now.”
  


      “The people who only value you by what you bring to the table, will leave you with the bill every time.”
  


      “Five years from now you will either laugh at these times or tear but you will remember what you did.”
  


      “Don't be afraid of being laughed at for failing. Fear being sixty-five years-old and never trying.”
  


      “Always expect great things to come to people with a strong work ethic, faith and integrity. For their blessings are not in the hands of man.”
  


      “Don't surround yourself with someone who doubts everything and talks down about everyone but accomplishes nothing at all.”
  


      “Finding yourself is easy. Stepping out on faith is what troubles man.”
  


      “People will always reveal how they feel about themselves by how they treat and talk about others.”
  


      “One of my greatest strategic partners has always been time. I know with time and hard work things will change. Use your time wisely.”
  


      “Your attitude sets the tone for your day.”
  


      “No one can predict how far you will go in life but God has a funny way of giving them a hint.”
  


      “Life will throw you curve balls, learn how to read the pitch.”
  


      “Take your goals to the next level by conquering the level your currently on.”
  


      “Fear works just like faith. It controls your thoughts and actions.”
  


      “I believe there is something great in this world for all of us.”
  


      “I don't believe that life is a gamble. I don't believe life is a roller coaster either. I believe we are spiritual beings with a purpose in a human experience and it’s our job to find it.”
  


      “Be as productive as possible. Good seed requires consistency.”
  


      “Friends don't compete with one another. Learn to share in each another’s joy.”
  


      “Everyone is your friend for a reason. Love those unconditionally that are your friends without reward because they are into you.”
  


      “The Revolution starts with you. You control the battle within.”
  


      “People who gave up on their dreams are coming for yours. Protect your dreams by moving in silence.”
  



      “The silliest reason to fall out with someone is because they start improving their life. What kind of friends do you want?”
  


      “Fake people always seem like they’re winning because they’re always lying.”
  


      “When you are complaining and gossiping all day, I bet 100 people are willing to listen. Wait until the conversation changes to goals, plans or ideas. You will lose the interest of most.”
  


      “If any new situation alters your friendship that was never your friend. Life may change but friends of the heart do not.”
  


      “Money can't buy friends but it can buy people in large numbers.”
  


      “To avoid drama and the crowd, you must avoid drama and the crowd.”
  


      “The strongest people are those who don’t fear being alone.”
  


      “If you’re my friend call me, let's straighten it out. If not, stay over there. Either way the sun will come out tomorrow.”
  


      “A rainbow is not possible without a storm, similar to your success not being possible without adversity.”
  


      “Hard times expose your character and the character of everyone you depend on.”
  


      “People have hidden agendas but some only to help you.”
  


      “Limitations are set by society. Imagination is set by oneself.”
  


      “You can't be around negative energy all day and expect to think positive; eventually the negativity will rub off on you.”
  


      “You can’t take someone physically where they aren't ready to go mentally.”
  


      “The enemies of the great are the bad and the mediocre.”
  


      “Real family loves you for you. Real friends love you for all that you are. The streets will love you for what you do for them and nothing else.”
  


      “People will tell you how everything is impossible until it's time to help them. That's when they tell you how easy it is.”
  


      “In a World of seven billion people, there is still a sense of competition within a proximity of thirty miles? Let's get out of the scarcity mentality.”
  


      “The simple fact is people want help from who they want it from and chose to associate with whom they feel is best for them. You can be the only friend someone has in reality but if they're stuck on meaningless friendships with others its time that will show them, not you.”
  


      “Never allow negative words to hinder positive actions.”
  


      “Your frienemies stand close enough for you to see them but stand back just enough not to catch you if you fall.”
  


      “No one can hold you down without physically restraining you.”
  


      “Friends will remind you of how GREAT you are. Anyone who reminds you constantly of how bad it was is suspect.”
  


      “Never forget, small minds think alike as well.”
  


      “Don't influence your peers to do anything you wouldn't want your children to do.”
  


      “Who sold you that mentality and how much did it set you back?”
  


      “It’s about the “Big Picture.” Avoid people who think day-to-day in a small way.”
  


      “A mentality is a terrible thing to corrupt. Be attentive of what your mind consumes.”
  


      “People love to converse with people who boost their false realities.”
  


      “السعيد جدا من لا ينتظر شيئا من أحد”
  



      “Remember, your goals are your goals. People may not want to go as far as you.”
  

      “If your ultimate goal is making money everything that makes a dollar will look desirable.”
  


      “Build your dreams on the foundation of hard work and faith; not trust. No one can take away from your hard work and belief but you can lose it all on trust.”
  

      “Mediocrity is common. It's so easy to fit in. Have enough courage to breakaway and set sail on something greater.”
  


      “Some friends will try to do things to hurt you. Your job is not letting it get to your heart.”
  


      “A secret to your progress will be a strong belief in your own abilities. People will try to hold you back. Some will even "try" to close doors but if you believe in your very own abilities, I promise you will do all that they didn't want for you and more.”
  

      “Your life is a TEST-I-MONY, so don't focus so much on the TEST that you miss your MOMENT.”
  


      “Fear and doubt are not natural emotions. Fear and doubt are learned traits and behaviors. How did you learn them?”
  


      “An opportunist is not your friend. Once the opportunity is no longer there or someone comes along that may take them further, there goes the bond.”
  


      “When you start from the bottom, there will be a host of people so used to you being there, they won't want you to grow. Some naive people still call them “friends.” But “friends” don't strangle your dreams.”
  


      “Find a mentor who only has your best interest at heart. Friends will sometimes give you opinions based on how they view your potential.”
  


      “Friends that become envious or jealous of you aren't bad people. The change came when you began going places in life they did not see for you. Some of them are afraid you will fail and fall. Some are afraid you will succeed and leave them. It's their belief system that attacks you, not their heart.”
  


      “Focus on building and if others want to contribute then let them but don't expect anything from anyone.”
  


      “If you’re a businessman or woman, you must go where the opportunities are. You can't flock, there must be a balance but don't lose your focus.”
  


      “A person who is envious of you will still hang around you to learn and take from you. After all, they do want to be in your position.”
  


      “Your story will never be told correctly if your tale is only known by the Un-Godly. Avoid the scornful and pursue the light.”
  


      “Hidden agendas are revealed in times of prosperity.”
  


      “Tell your dreams to clowns and watch those jokers laugh.”
  


      “The more vocal people become about your blessing is a testament in its self.”
  


      “Jesus was betrayed for 30 pieces of silver. What makes you think people today won't sell you out to further themselves?”
  


      “If your friends don't support you, then divorce them. Get married to your dreams. Ten years from today, what they said about you will not matter. What you did with your time ultimately will.”
  


      “Focus on your objectives and base your decisions on a moral foundation.”
  


      “Following the crowd only leads to you getting lost. Find yourself by following your heart.”
  


      “Pursue a mentor. Everyday I see ambitious people being misguided by lost men and women.”
  


      “Money doesn't define people but character does. People with character will see pass the money. The person without either is simply blind.”
  


      “No matter how old you are, simple things can still bring you smile”
  

      “You can want the world for someone but if all they want is the bare minimum, they will do things to keep themselves there. The biggest factor to look for is the people they listen to over you. That's who they inspire to be like.”
  


      “Have a fine and wonderful day!”
  

      “Be careful who you take advice from. People love when you fall for deception. Only a true friend will inspire you and stand by you in pursuing a prosperous life.”
  


      “Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy. That's my life motto”
  

      “Meditation is spending time with the self. It is the time to be intimated with the soul.”
  



      “The things we remember are what we hold on to. And what we hold on to becomes the story of our lives.”
  


      “I wish I lived in your world, where it's sunshine and puppies all the time.”
  


      “Contrast is important in life. We understand what light is because we can compare it with what we know is dark. Sweet is made sweeter after we eat something bitter. It’s the very same with sadness. And it’s important to experience sadness, to embrace it in order to truly know happiness. I was just a flat line until he came along. And maybe now I’m hurting. But isn’t that what love is supposed to do? Make you feel, make you brave, make you look at yourself more carefully?”
  


      “I'm looking for something new to believe in that isn't the way people yearn at night in the city.”
  


      “Lost in thoughts I amShould I measure your majestic looks in silver or should I weigh your heavenly curls in goldLost in thoughts I amShould I read the hidden realms within your sparkling eyes or should I hear the words of your glowing cheeks that are toldLost in thoughts I amShould I bear a witness to the universe before me unveiled or should I keep my eyes gazing at your new divine foldLost in thoughts I amSuch secrets so publicly you disclose: dancing are rows upon rows of roses and such is your beauteous pose”
  

      “But what now if all the peace, the comfort, the contentment were to come to a horrible end?”
  


      “The start and the end is same for all of us. We were all born, and we will all die - in the same state. It is the journey where we experience Happiness.”
  


      “Of all the variables in your life, your relationships may hold the greatest power to make you either happy or miserable”
  


      “Of all the variables in your life, your relationships may hold the greatest power to make you happy or miserable”
  


      “Friends are the artists who paint happy lips on your face.”
  

      “A poem to Raymond, whom everybody loves, originally composed on a waterproof smartphone in a sea of love, which was hidden under the pile of garbage that my bum-pals that have no pen names, or pen-pals, or names, for that matter, brought to me as an offering on the 1st of April 1877, exactly 111 years and 7 months before I was brought forth to this world, because some anonymous prophet told them this would bring luck, joy, happiness, food, and, of course – shelter from evil (he was lying):If it's fantasy you seek,to E. Feist then, you must speak.All he writes is all there is,for his words, they move the seas..I would write, but I know naught.In my heart there is a draught.Hidden desert - golden sands.Few my love can ever stand.And so far I've talked to many,a reply - will there be any?I know - not, yet I know naught,all to question, I was taught...So I learn, I borrow wisdom,from the great, the ones with vision.They can teach, the few that grasp,concepts from a long forgotten past.”
  


      “If you pursue wealth, peace and happiness where you can't find them, you should blame no one but yourself for your pains and woes.”
  

      “There is always a big commotion on the beauty of sunsets, but what about the beginning of the day? The arrival of daylight. Happiness in the form of invisible warmth beaming upon us. Sunrise.”
  

      “O' thou if you unveil yourself before theeWhat a merciful moment it would beOceans would flow in your intoxicationAnd every heart would pour like a seaThy ecstatic gaze, O' how mystic it would beO' thou if you unveil yourself before thee”
  

      “I am so sick and through You O' beloved, I am curedI am empty and through You O' beloved, I am filledI am lost and through You O' beloved, I am foundI am nothing yet through You O' beloved I am something”
  

      “O' beautiful your fascinating eyes and the rosary appearanceIntoxicating beauty as if heavenly wine in perseverance”
  

      “If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.”
  

      “O' heart you have made my soul restless and thirstyAlthough I adore the sweet pain and love her generosityFor me this world of being has turned into blissSurely her beautiful and gentle words are what I missThose charming eyes have taken me by my soulThose gorgeous looks have set me out of controlO' heart let her fragrance of love last foreverLet me march towards this wonderful endeavourMaybe all these are my imaginary affectionsThey taste like precious honey from the heavensO' heart let her sweetness of love remain inside meThis suffering is unique so it shall never depart meLike a hidden disease inside lasting without an endMay this continue until my soul is finally to ascendHer last moments have set my heartily feelings on fireAfflictions remain inside me as this is the punishment I desire”
  

      “O' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost in your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhereI am surrounded by your ecstatic blissAnd my eyes can only see you everywhereMy heart sights you on its throneAnd my ears can only hear you everywhereO' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost in your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhereMy tongue utters words of your loveAnd my mind only imagines you everywhereMy hands write your love poemsAnd my legs are in your quest everywhereO' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost in your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhere__________________________________Notes:-This poem has been written with the following two contexts;* First is from a very famous saying that when the Creator loves a person, he becomes his ears with which he hears, his eyes with which he sees, his hands with which he strikes and his feet with which he walks.* Second is that every human soul yearns for a union with its origin. Since both men and women have some Divine attributes that are missing in each other, they are attracted to each other by what they see as the other half of the Divine Existence.”
  

      “If you shatter the fish bowl so that everything is possible you don't have freedom you have paralysis. Everybody needs a fishbowl.”
  

      “Açıkçası, zenginlik bizim istediğimiz bir hedeften ziyade bir başka amaca ulaşmamız için yararlı bir araçtan başka bir şey değildir. - Aristo”
  

      “O' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost within your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhereI am surrounded by your ecstatic blissAnd my eyes can only see you everywhereMy heart sights you on its throneAnd my ears can only hear you everywhereO' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost within your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhereMy tongue utters words of your loveAnd my mind only imagines you everywhereMy hands write your love poemsAnd my legs are in your quest everywhereO' beloved your love has intoxicated meI sit here lost within your beautiful thoughtsAnd my soul is in your search everywhere__________________________________Notes:-This poem has been written with the following two contexts;* First is from a very famous saying that when the Creator loves a person, he becomes his ears with which he hears, his eyes with which he sees, his hands with which he strikes and his feet with which he walks.* Second is that every human soul yearns for a union with its origin. Since both men and women have some Divine attributes that are missing in each other, they are attracted to each other by what they see as the other half of the Divine Existence.”
  

      “If life is a song, you must be the superb lyrics to a sweet melody.”
  


      “If life is a joyful serious journey, then peace should be the train and happiness should be the destination.”
  

      “We are here to feel the joy of life, to love, and to expand the happiness.”
  

      “We convince ourselves that happiness is an effect; that there has to be cause for it. That makes happiness so dependent on the external environment and makes us a puppet. Happiness without a cause is sui generis, in a class of its own. If we learn the art of being happy without a reason, then we can be happy even when there is a reason to be unhappy.”
  

      “I just want to always be here. In this place. Right here, right now.”
  

      “I'm looking for something new to believe in that isn't the way people yearn at night in the city.”
  

      “Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them.”
  



      “There is something deeply attractive, at least to quite a lot of people, about squalor, misery, and vice. They are regarded as more authentic, and certainly more exciting, than cleanliness, happiness, and virtue.”
  

      “How easily we get trapped in that which is not essential - in looking good, winning at competition, gathering power and wealth - when simply being alive is the gift beyond measure.”
  

      “Create new avenues in your life by removing toxic people who defeat your purpose.”
  


      “Nobody is really an expert, as we are all still learning.”
  

      “Nezhdanov's heart began to beat violently and he lowered his eyes involuntarily. This girl, who had fallen in love with a homeless wretch like him, who trusted him, who was ready to follow him, to go with him towards one and the same goal — this wonderful girl — Marianna — at that moment was, for Nezhdanov, the embodiment of everything good and just on earth; the embodiment of that love, that of a family, sister or wife, which he had not experienced; the embodiment of homeland, happiness, struggle and freedom.”
  


      “It doesn't matter what other people think of you. What really matters is what you think of yourself.”
  

      “You don't need to be rich to be happy- to be happy, you need to think happy.”
  


      “A feeling of joy if not shared or tasted is a waste of a chance to be embraced.”
  


      “Stop complaining. Be grateful for every circumstance.”
  


      “Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start anything that you need to do - it will nourish and sustain you...and others too. Hankering will leave you hungry - or with with heart, head or belly ache - and tends to have or leave a sour or bitter taste too.”
  

      “Gratitude is the best food to start and sustain you. Hankering creates hunger, unhappiness, bellyache, headache and heartache - and often leaves a bitter taste”
  

      “A lot of people travel because they are unhappy, but travelling does not necessary makes one happier. Sometimes it exacerbates the unhappiness, the loneliness.”
  

      “Perfection is based on your own perception of what is perfect to you”
  

      “What makes you happy might not make the other person happy. What you consider ahead of you, another sees behind.”
  


      “Embrace your sacred existence.”
  


      “Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.”
  

      “Thou Art Humanity: all created by one origin, Adam and Eve___ noble fabrics of this glorious life and its wondrous weave.”
  

      “Let Thy cup, O' Cup-bearer, be filled forever.”
  

      “A responsible person accepts the results of his choices, attributing blame or praise to himself; that is what makes you happy with the way you turned out.”
  


      “Rise like the morning sun and cover the entire day with your bliss_____ ignite the flames of your passion so that destiny will come to your feet and kiss.”
  

      “May my tide never end unless I wash up on the shore of paradise!”
  

      “Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence. As far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons. Speak your truth quietly and clearly; and listen to others, even the dull and the ignorant; they too have their story. Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit. If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain and bitter; for always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself. Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans. Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time. Exercise caution in your business affairs; for the world is full of trickery. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals; and everywhere life is full of heroism. Be yourself. Especially, do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass. Take kindly the counsel of the years,gracefully surrendering the things of youth. Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune. But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness. Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul. With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.”
  

      “If you surrender your life to God, you have joy of His presence.”
  


      “Dreams are what life is made of and although most things are improbable, nothing is impossible. Be the dreamer of the impossible and you can see probability.”
  


      “O' thou if you unveiled yourself before theeWhat a merciful moment it would beOceans would flow in your intoxicationAnd every heart would pour like a seaThy ecstatic gaze, O' how mystic it would beO' thou if you unveiled yourself before thee”
  

      “Exponential Results Requires Exponential Thinking and High Performance Teamworking with Growth Oriented Mindsets.”
  

      “Happiness needs nothing but itself, it doesnt have to be validated”
  

      “Don't get so lost in their words. Pay attention to their actions”
  


      “do not cry , you can focus the light spot with the eyes , the eyes of your heart . smile”
  

      “Happy New Year' is a festive form of address often uttered without thinking. Yet how many souls will in fact be happy in the coming year is a taxing question requiring a great deal more thought.”
  



      “O'ThouWhat IWas yesterdayWill not be todayWhat I will be todayWill not be another dayI, bloom in passion of ThyBurning and rising like a rayThirst and enduring pain, I obeyWoven in desire of love and mysteryNow aid me stand firm in this pot of clayBreathe fresh life into my eyes, for a new day”
  

      “Each day is an opportunity for you to expand your horizon, to achieve your maximum potential. You may have encountered some obstacles along the way, but don't allow those moments to hinder your progress. In life, we all faces challenges that we must overcome. The importance is to learn from those difficulties and become stronger.”
  


      “Cheers to a gracious New Year. May we uphold the fullness of God’s grace, goodness and goodwill.”
  


      “And the women who had thought they wanted dresses never realized that what they had wanted was happiness.”
  


      “Be cheerful and hopeful.”
  


      “To see the first sun rise in New Year is the most sacredness of existence.”
  


      “In the end Love conquered every heart and each living soul, imparting its rays of wisdom and making us whole.”
  

      “Loving yourself is of vital importance. Because there is no way you'll love another soul if you fail to have self love. Embrace your beautiful spirit and shine light for those who may be living in the dark. You are human and your heart is designed to love and live. You can not be open to love if you're not loving yourself.”
  


      “Take some time and figure out what you desire most from life. Wherever your desire is, your heart will be also. Seek the opportunity to become greater than your circumstances. You may not be where you want to be. But if you continue pushing forward and striving at a steady pace, you'll get there. All things take time.”
  


      “All Bette's stories have happy endings. That's because she knows where to stop.She's realized the real problem with stories - if you keep them going long enough, they always end in death.”
  


      “Truest soul is he who wishes the same as himself for others and purest soul is he who does this with his heart intact.”
  

      “O' beautiful!If you promise to unveil your beautyLike a rose I will pluck my petals to comfort your poseI will squeeze the fragrance of my desireSeeing this humble actYour heart willCatch fire.”
  

      “Life is your sacred journey. You ought to enjoy every moment.”
  


      “Songs of Thy beloved are played into every ear of existence.”
  

      “The goodness of the mother is written in the gaiety of the child.”
  


      “Find something to be happy about everyday, even if only for a few minutes.”
  

      “O' Lord, enlarge the chambers within my heart so that my soul burns in Thy divine spark .”
  

      “One can live magnificently in this world, if one knows how to work and how to love, to work for the person one loves and to love one’s work.”
  

      “Be thankful always.”
  


      “My heart opening as the rose petals __ Thou hast pouring on it aroma of patience.”
  

      “Wherever Thou cast his eyes in extremes of love, a perfect creation is born.”
  

      “Now our modern politics are full of a noisy forgetfulness; forgetfulness that the production of this [man's] happy and conscious life is after all the aim of all complexities and compromises. We talk of nothing but useful men and working institutions; that is, we only think of the chickens as things that will lay more eggs.”
  


      “No one can destroy the love God has for you. When you abide in truth, you also abide in love. And truth is evidence of love. Nothing can destroy the power of trusting and loving unconditionally.”
  

      “I sit with my heart wide open __ Thou hast gazing and pouring on it endless passion.”
  

      “It's not a matter of whether you want happiness. We all need peace, love, and happiness. But, if you fail to nurture your spirit, by absorbing all things good and giving attention to the matters of your heart, it will be hard to obtain. It must radiate from inside of you. Then, flow outwardly penetrating everyone around you.”
  


      “Thou blowest into my soul, a soft resistless flame of Love.”
  

      “There will be people who admire your strength and courage. But, there will also be those willing to knock everything you say and do. They think it goes unnoticed, but you have excellent peripheral vision. The trick is to never let them get the best of you. Don't become vulnerable to their deceptive nature. You were born to succeed.”
  


      “I wish you great fun with your sacred adventure.”
  


      “We must mend what has been torn apart, make justice imaginable again in a world so obviously unjust, give happiness a meaning once more to peoples poisoned by the misery of the century. Naturally, it is a superhuman task. But superhuman is the term for tasks [we] take a long time to accomplish, that’s all.”
  

      “I will never accept life for what it is. I don't need an easy life. My road was meant to be hard because anything worth having in this world will take me to the very edge of myself. I will overcome everything I have ever gone through and will make my future the one God intended me to have. I will pick up the pieces of this pain and sculpt it into art. I am not ordinary and never was. I walk into my birthright as a queen with her head held high. I was born to do this!”
  

      “Why books?”Her brows rose. “I beg your pardon?”“Why are they your vice?”She set her plate down and wiped her hand on her skirts before reaching for the top volume on a stack of small, leather bound books nearby and extending it to him. “Go on.”He took it. “Now what?”“Smell it.” He tilted his head. She couldn’t help but smile. “Do it.”He lifted it to his nose. Inhaled.“Not like that,” she said. “Really give it a smell.”He raised one brow but did as he was told. “What do you smell?” Sophie asked.“Leather and ink?”She shook her head. “Happiness. That’s what books smells like. Happiness. That’s why I always wanted to have a book shop. What better life than to trade in happiness?”
  



      “The media represents world that is more real than reality that we can experience. People lose the ability to distinguish between reality and fantasy. They also begin to engage with the fantasy without realizing what it really is.They seek happiness and fulfilment through the simulacra of reality, e.g. media and avoid the contact/interaction with the real world.”
  


      “Those who want to start a new journey, there are always new roads open for you”
  

      “Reaffirm your love for one another and let grow.”
  


      “An act of kindness blossoms our lives with gladness.”
  


      “May you find your purpose and passionately live it.”
  


      “Setting a goal is like to set your destination point in your life GPS which could take you to your desire position as you dreamed about...”
  

      “I'm p-paralyzed with happiness." - She laughed again, as if she said something very witty, and held my hand for a moment, looking up into my face, promising that there was no one in the world she so much wanted to see. That was a way she had.”
  


      “We joyfully pray with grateful heart’s to welcome blessings in New Year.”
  


      “Savour on the moment, while still waiting for sacred time.”
  


      “Imagined happiness is still happiness.”
  


      “It is the little act of kindness that touches our heart and blossom our life with gladness.”
  


      “The happiest people are those who are too busy to notice whether they are or not.”
  

      “If you have never known happiness and sorrow, then you have not fully experience life.”
  


      “You ought to pause and enjoy the peace in the moment.”
  


      “Love is the heartbeat of the sacred soul.”
  


      “Δεν τον είχα φιλήσει αλλά ήξερα ότι θα γινόταν κι αυτό, και το ήξερε ότι το ήξερα, και υπήρχε κάτι σαν αμοιβαία χαρά σε τούτη την ολίσθηση προς το αναπόδραστο, κι ας μην ήξερα το όνομά του ή αν ο,τιδήποτε από όσα έλεγε ήταν αλήθεια.”
  


      “Love is the ecstasy of life.”
  


      “When life was taking its ordinary course, it was hard to remember what really mattered.”
  


      “The thoughtfulness and goodwill messages from loved ones brighten my Christmas day.”
  


      “Passionate embrace your sacred existence.”
  


      “Be thankful, joyful and prayerful.”
  


      “Stop looking for happiness in the same place you lost it.”
  

      “My heart gladdens, knowing someone think of at Christmas.”
  


      “We joyfully pray with grateful hearts, to welcome the sacred-blessings in New Year”
  


      “The priceless gift of life, strength and time is our greatest wealth.”
  


      “There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope and that was him.”
  

      “I took another draught and my mouth was awash again in a riptide of bitter, bubbly, CO2 eruptions and the fruity splash of malted barley. What a sensation! I wasn't sure if I liked it at first, but by bottle's end I was a dedicated fan.”
  


      “Enjoy the ride while it still lasts.”
  


      “When you think this pain is all you deserve, you are right. You are the only one that can decide how long you will walk in hell.”
  

      “Conscious breathing is the best antidote to stress, anxiety and depression.”
  



      “Temptation goes both ways. Sometimes, you can be tempted to live a half life because it pleases someone else. Don't ever live in such a way that your heart splits into two souls. You might find yourself sinning for the rest of your life because you don't want to really be in that situation, but you don't want to hurt the kids. That is a hell that your children will pick up on soon enough. Staying for the kids is possible, but it takes two people to agree that choice is their lifestyle, not one. Otherwise, you hold another person captive because of your fear of stating the obvious-- you are not in love with them.”
  

      “Nonviolence is kindling light of love into the dark places and budding trust from the threshold of hopelessness.”
  


      “Peace of mind, joy at heart.”
  


      “How can we expect to be happy when we have no peace of mind, when our mind is constantly jumping from the present to the past? When your mind is constantly running and filled with anxiety and fear, where is the freedom? You are stuck in the prison of your mind, stuck in thoughts and feelings from yesterday, from five years ago. There comes a time when everyone has to stop, look deep, breathe and let go.”
  


      “Do not give up when touching the Door of Awareness, you meet its Mindfulness Magic, but let it open wide giving your family a possibility to Create Reality of Your Dreams.”
  


      “There is no greater fulfillment as the pursuit of dreams.”
  


      “It is better to trade your bitterness with gratefulness.”
  


      “A joyful heart is an endless flowing stream.”
  


      “In every aspect of life, be true to who you are. There is no need to communicate subliminally. If you believe in your words or actions, then express yourself completely. Live, Laugh, & Love without regrets.”
  


      “When you take offense, you forfeit happiness.”
  


      “Pleasure can impact your happiness for better or worse, but it is not happiness.”
  


      “If you focus on bitterness, you destroy your life.”
  


      “Bitterness leads to misery.”
  


      “Magicians perform magic, I do magick!”
  

      “The vision is for the sacred-time. Though it delays, joyfully wait for it.”
  


      “Life is better when happiness is your only purpose.”
  

      “Christmas is a sacred festival. It is celebration of Christ love for Humankind. And the love that bind us together.”
  


      “Christmas is holy celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. And God’s great love is the divinity of birth: the spirit of love, joy and hope.”
  


      “My life is full of love.”
  


      “Happiness is like a genre of music that nearly everyone knows how to dance to. Happiness has a very simple tempo, catchy phrasing, and memorable lyrics. It's the song at the wedding that makes everyone excited to run to the dance floor.”
  


      “We must recognize that our frustrations are largely due to the fact that we have not learned how to "dance" to a large part of the emotional spectrum. Being emotionally versatile is like being a good dancer. Just as dancers must challenge themselves to master new moves with their bodies, we must challenge ourselves to learn new forms of psychological choreography.”
  


      “The problem with feelings is neither that our moods fluctuate nor that our emotions seem to fail us. The greater dilemma is that most have only learned how to dance to one type of feeling.”
  


      “He didn’t depend so much on the good opinion of others to feel complete. Nor did he expect happiness as his right any longer; he knew it was only for the strong.”
  


      “Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won-some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it-but something to carry doggedly through everything.”
  


      “God’s presence in our lives gives us peace and joy.”
  


      “God’s presence in our lives is the peace of mind and joy at heart.”
  


      “Every new morning brings new sunshine, new joy and new hope.”
  


      “All glory to Adonai! Great is thy love.Great is thy mercy.Great is thy faithfulness.”
  


      “Somethings worth having defy logic. They come with obstacles, challenges, battles and long periods of wandering in the dark. Your path won't make sense to your family or friends. People will weigh in with their life rules and fears, but in the end it is your life. That pull you feel is real and often your intuition. It nags at you everyday. Follow it for as far as it takes you because life is too short to dwell on indecision, while you forget to live. Take a chance because if you have a good heart God isn't going to abandon you. He will travel wherever you need to go, in order to find the missing pieces of your soul.”
  

      “True happiness involves the freedom to be yourself.”
  



      “People are like hot potatoes, if they don't make you happy, drop them.”
  

      “I celebrate life with holy thanks.”
  


      “God Almighty, I don’t want to ask for more. But to say more thanks.”
  


      “Live by your own sacred standard.”
  


      “I wish you a joyful time at Christmas and throughout the New Year.”
  


      “God's grace is the power of life.”
  


      “The beauty of existence is a passionate sacred-life.”
  


      “Happiness is a great contentment.”
  


      “Husband and wife, must complement each other.”
  


      “Life is a time bound journey to experience the excitement of love, joy, and happiness.”
  

      “Our thoughts and our happiness are inseparable. Our happiness depends on our thoughts.”
  

      “I am happy to experience beauty of each season; spring time, summer, autumn and winter.”
  


      “May the sacredness of Christmas gladden your heart.”
  


      “I am in great spirit by God's grace.”
  


      “We ought to celebrate the sacredness of life.”
  


      “What prevents you from fully expressing yourself?”
  


      “Sajib had said, What about happiness – can you measure that?Rodney had thought yes, you could measure it by ease of living –how much does a person suffer compared to the next? Now, to make more people happy, how do we eliminate suffering? But happiness, in its strength or fragility, was more complex than comfort. It had so many sources, so many nemeses, and so many pitfalls. He couldn’t, in his right mind, try to instruct the happiness of others.”
  


      “REJECTION is kind of your negative ILLUSION which has no value but it’s give you a CLUE to go for next level of your ACTION.”
  

      “Eat like you love your body.”
  


      “Go for what you want.”
  


      “Give glory to God. Great is the goodness of God.”
  


      “Be happy with what you have.”
  


      “Happiness is a joyful gratitude.”
  


      “There are three types of tears; Tears of joy, Tears of sadness, and Tears of love; a mix of Both.”
  

      “You ought to give thanks to the Lord.”
  


      “We give glory to God of Heaven.”
  


      “Love life.Love light.”
  


      “My heart is filled with endless praise.”
  


      “Whatever makes my soul feel good in 2016, that's what I'm chasing.”
  

      “Don't let society fool you into believing that if you don't have a girlfriend or boyfriend then you're destined for a life of misery. The Dalai Lama has been single for the last 80 years and he is one of the happiest people on earth. Stop searching for happiness in places outside of yourself, and start finding it where it has always been: within you.”
  



      “If you are not EXCITED enough at your present life its mean your future is not EXITING. Excitement will give you ENTHUSIASM and enthusiasm will give you a positive energetic LIFE STYLE which could give you a successful exiting life…”
  

      “Your every positive action in your life will increase your self-esteem and this self-esteem will boost you for more positive action to take you on success”
  

      “Give yourself a great self-respect to know who you are then your confidence will shine on you”
  

      “Your VISION and your self-willingness is the MOST powerful elements to conquer your goal”
  

      “The opposite of happiness is not sadness- it's boredom”
  

      “Your traditional EDUCATION is not going to CHANGE your life but the life you are experiencing that can change you. Choose a POSITIVE life STYLE with positive ATTITUDE which could bring you a life with HAPPINESS and WISDOM”
  

      “-Wherever you go, there you are! You can’t run away from yourself, or the underlying situation, no matter where you go. You won’t find happiness anywhere, unless it’s already there in your heart, and therefore you have carried it with you.”
  


      “There comes to everyone a turning point in their lives, M. Poirot. They stand at the crossroads and have to decide. My profession interests me enormously; it is a sorrow - a very great sorrow - to abandon it. But there are other claims. There is, M. Poirot, the happiness of a human being.”
  


      “If we focus on the problems of life, we will be paralysed. But we dwell on the promise of God; we find the faith, hope and courage to survive life.”
  


      “Give yourself a great self-respect to know who you are then your confidence will shine on you”
  

      “It is only God who can fill our void.”
  


      “I am living life daringly.”
  


      “Don’t make your life complicated.”
  


      “We try to find something to fill our void. But it is only God who can fill the void.”
  


      “Your greatest gift is your life.”
  


      “Divorce is not always a doorway to happiness. The same can be said about marriage.”
  

      “How you think and create your inner world that you gonna become in your outer world. Your inner believe manifest you in the outside”
  

      “It is only by grace, the divine-self manifest.”
  


      “Self-struggle is spiritual.”
  


      “The greatest achievement is sacred-self-victory.”
  


      “CONFIDENCE is not showing off your VANITY, it’s about to be HUMBLED and KIND to others what are you truly SKILLED and PROFESSIONAL about…”
  

      “Autumn is a momentum of the natures golden beauty…, so the same it’s time to find your momentum of life”
  

      “Believe and love yourself.”
  


      “The secret of being happy is not longing for it!”
  

      “We are very happy. Or, no. We are not happy, exactly. But we love each other very much, and this charges our lives with shape and light.”
  


      “Happiness is immeasurable joy.”
  


      “Happiness is divine-state of satisfaction.”
  


      “You can be happy with simple life.”
  


      “You will know it is love not when you think about them all the time or want to be with them, but when you worry about them and you want their approval and happiness.”
  

      “When you can't escape your mind then God is telling your heart to catch up. Fight for the balance you need.”
  

      “Between the new, happy him, and the old, depressing him, there stood in the way only his lack of imagination.”
  



      “This inability to just do nothing is a direct result of our habit of externalisation. As children we are never taught in schools, or in social settings, to look within ourselves for answers. Whether it is that our answers are found in some sort of religion, or another person, or in something else, we start to make this common practice. We are indecisive in life looking to friends, family, counsellors, teachers, and even strangers for advice. We are never taught or, better yet, shown how to look after our number one relationship in life, which is the relationship with one’s self.”
  


      “If you can’t be happy and content by yourself then you shouldn’t be in a relationship.”
  


      “Happiness in a family really revolves around how much money I have in my disposal.”
  


      “If everyone could spend some time self analysing, spend some quiet time with nothing to do and nowhere to go, then without a doubt the world would be an infinitely better place to live and play. It would probably be the cause of the end of bullying, teen suicide, anxiety, depression, stress, and fear and the start of a more genuine and authentic world. I have found that my tranquillity and peacefulness grew significantly stronger as I began to live comfortably with my desires and cravings.”
  


      “How many relationships would be better if they were born out of something genuine rather than merely a petty desire? Divorce would drop because people would know why they started doing something in the first place. Teen pregnancy would almost be eradicated because for the first time we wouldn’t need to simply succumb to our desires and cravings pushed onto us from the media and society in general. Prostitutes would be searching for redundancy packages and brothel owners for new careers, and the whole shallow and superficial nature of sex would be under the spotlight.”
  


      “It is only in the presence of God, we find the fullness of life and joy.”
  


      “What is it you really want? Are you really going to be happy when you get the object? What will it bring you? Is what you’re telling yourself really true? You have the choice, you can keep on getting hit by the wave or you can get the courage to run towards it and dive right through it - everything starts with you.”
  


      “We consume so we never have to answer the hard questions. When we are bored we eat. When we are lonely we watch a movie, read the newspaper, jump on social media. Each time we do we cover up our real emotions and keep throwing another layer of confusion and anxiety on top, making it almost impossible to dig ourselves out of the hole, or at least see which way is up.”
  


      “Love awakens the divine-spirit of soul.”
  


      “Mental illness is a bigger problem than obesity and cardiovascular diseases in the modern western world but still we pay no homage to the philosophy of watching what we watch. We only worry about what we put in the body in the form of food and care very little, if at all, with what we consume in our minds.”
  


      “I still have joy in the midst of struggles.”
  


      “Your sacred time is now! Begin to live passionately.”
  


      “Its little wonder anxiety, depression and other mental illness is at such a high point at this time in the world; people have little control over the mental capacities, of their thoughts, perceptions, feelings and emotions. People never get a moments silence from the constant bombardment and when they do they don’t know how to manage their thoughts so the endless barrage of noise simply continues giving them no time or space for clarity.”
  


      “I think if our new direction in all our relationships is friendship, compassion, and enjoyment, we will easily be able to break our old cycle of bad habits and develop something deeper and more meaningful”
  


      “It’s sad to see how many relationships start as just a distraction from boredom, a cover up so they don’t have to ever deal with the true pain below”
  


      “The worlds high on doing and distracting and as result we need to keep doing and it doesn’t really matter what we are doing, as long as it is distracting.”
  


      “In the light, we shall brightly.”
  


      “In marriage, the man and woman must complement each other.”
  


      “Happiness comes from within, pleasure comes from outside. Choice is yours. Happiness is permanent pleasure is temporary. #Happiness”
  

      “Be grateful for what you have and you will always have enough.”
  


      “You will be happy, when you connect to the source of life, God.”
  


      “I was a puppet on the strings to my cravings and desires.”
  


      “Mediation on word of God leads to renewal of mind; rekindle of spirit and revival of soul.”
  


      “Joy is immeasurable cheerfulness.”
  


      “Joy is innermost peace.”
  


      “We grow up in a world where satisfying our cravings seems to be the number one objective, every advertisement on television and the newspaper calls for one craving or another to be dealt with. When it comes to sex we are bombarded every which way, so much so, that we think solving our cravings is the only way and the right way.”
  


      “Let the light of your love enlighten the whole world and fill it with joy, happiness, and peace.”
  

      “I shall never be very merry or very sad, for I am more prone to analyse than to feel.”
  

      “Every day is Christmas. Everyday Christ embrace us with His love, peace and joy.”
  



      “Happiness is a great big hug, hugging us from the inside. allow yourself to feel its warmth and grace”
  

      “It’s easy to put the links between the increases in mental illness, depression, ADHD, and the like, with the speed of the modern world. People never get the chance to do nothing, or when they do, they lack the control to prevent their mind from racing off in a thousand different directions. So much so that their doing nothing becomes a thousand different things and the thousand different things becomes stress, anxiety, worry and fear. Left untreated these simple everyday things become well entrenched in our psyches and start to dominate our lives. We have a chronic addiction with doing and we love to use our busyness as a stamp of our hard work and hectic lives and we get stuck in this busy trap of always doing.”
  


      “You certainly remember this scene from dozens of films: a boy and a girl are running hand in hand in a beautiful spring (or summer) landscape. Running, running, running and laughing. By laughing the two runners are proclaiming to the whole world, to audiences in all the movie theaters: "We're happy, we're glad to be in the world, we're in agreement with being!" It's a silly scene, a cliche, but it expresses a basic human attitude: serious laughter, laughter "beyond joking."All churches, all underwear manufacturers, all generals, all political parties, are in agreement about that kind of laughter, and all of them rush to put the image of the two laughing runners on the billboards advertising their religion, their products, their ideology, their nation, their sex, their dishwashing powder.”
  


      “We live in a world where it is completely the norm to worry about what we put in our bodies but worry very little about what we throw in our minds. We think a hamburger is bad but a celebrity gossip magazine is completely harmless. As children you never hear “don’t put that garbage in your mind,” but for our body counterpart it is common thread. There is something very wrong with this scenario.”
  


      “I am delighted to experience the beauty of life.”
  


      “You ought to find the joy, hope and love of existence.”
  


      “None of us are perfect, so a true friend will never look for defects in you as a person, it won't even cross their mind. Your happiness will be their main concern.”
  

      “The joy of writing is the fullness of existence.”
  


      “the only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.. live wild dont be a normal person.. to become presence, means accepting the risk.. and be sure if u don't take risks u'll have a wasted soul..”
  

      “The state of no being, knows neither pleasure nor pain. It is purely divine.”
  


      “Christmas united us as holy beings. We experience love, joy and peace.”
  


      “I am grateful for all the goodness of God.”
  


      “Great grace is the power of great thanks.”
  


      “Wat is het woord voor “geluk” in het Afar?’ vroeg ik.‘Roeffa,’ zei Yussuf.‘En wat betekent roeffa voor hem?’ vroeg ik aan Yussuf terwijl ik naar Idriss keek.Idriss liet zijn ogen over de vallei dwalen, keek naar Yussuf en gaf antwoord.Yussuf grinnikte en draaide zich naar mij. ‘Meer geiten.”
  


      “May you find the joy, hope and love of existence.”
  


      “The season of Christmas brings joy, hope and peace.”
  


      “In the midst of the adversity, we can still strive by the grace of God”
  


      “It is easy to curse someone, even a frail person can do that, but to bless someone it needs a strong heart.To love someone, to wish the best for them one must be selfless. People nowadays wish good for others, but their words know no soul, their wishes are dry, halfhearted and for name sake. As to watch someone excel, to watch someone excel due to the blessings you put upon them with a good heart and positive attitude is rate nowadays.Nowadays people don't find happiness in the happiness of others but in rubbing them off. People feel bad when someone suffer but they feel the worse when someone prosper beyond them.”
  

      “May you love blossom like a lily.”
  


      “We can flourish and be fruitful by God’s grace.”
  


      “I Might never find that love my heart has always desired, but I know I will succeed before I die.”
  

      “Great joy comes from God.”
  


      “Sin contaminates our lives.”
  


      “Одиночество – это настоящее счастье, которое, к сожалению, не с кем разделить.”
  


      “Если ты умеешь радоваться за другого человека – радости твоей нет конца.”
  


      “Without an enthusiasm of existence, the fullness of life is missed.”
  


      “We do not know how to just do nothing; this is a bigger problem than we care to think about. In the west we are taught to seek our answers in external things and, as a result, we never need to take the time to look within. We have a poor connection with ourselves because our whole lives we have been looking outward; we are a society bent on distraction, and the modern world is only amplifying this.”
  


      “Don’t live life, without an enthusiasm of existence.”
  


      “I want to die living. And I want to be remembered as one who lived with purpose, joy and feeling. I want to spend my time learning what goes into a whole and happy life, then building that life the best I can.”
  

      “Promise me you won’t sacrifice your happiness for something so cheap as acceptance. Find your courage.”
  



      “Don't get mad, William," he finally said, provoking the distraught to look up at him, "I know it's hard, an' unfair, but you can't let yourself become angry. You're too nice, - too good, - if you can't at least hope for a possibility, then what happiness can you expect to have? You have to hold on to it, or else you've got nothing..." (77)”
  


      “Growing older doesn't mean that you are more mature than everyone who is younger than you. Maturity is a lot of things, and age has nothing to do with it.”
  


      “If you want to be happy, love yourself endlessly.”
  

      “I didn’t believe in happily-ever-after, but I did believe in happier-than-we’d-ever-been, because I was living it.”
  


      “Once you made someone happy, you were obligated to keep them that way.”
  


      “Keep your heart always warm.”
  


      “Gratitude promotes good well-being.”
  


      “Everyone has a story and yours is special. Live with it and make the best of it. Accept yourself and what you have to offer as the basis for your happiness.”
  

      “A bright smile is a powerful natural force, nature it for its worth.”
  

      “Life is a gracious sacred-breathe.”
  


      “Look at the beautiful side of life and be happy.”
  


      “The path is undefined. You have to define and walk in your own path.”
  


      “In the moments of adversity, we engaged our minds on beautiful thoughts, our spirit on spirituality and our hands on inspiration writings. What a good trade of pain for peace of mind?”
  


      “What are we fighting for? When go down the grave naked?”
  


      “Life is gracious sacred-breathe.”
  


      “Be fully present in the sacred-moment.”
  


      “I would rather see a school produce a happy street cleaner than a neurotic scholar.”
  

      “If happiness is your destination, love is the only way to reach it.”
  

      “Live your best sacred-life. It is only one-time in history.”
  


      “This universe was created for joy and happiness. You are born to be happy. Your happiness ultimately makes this universe joyful. Blooming flowers, singing birds, and smiling people fill this universe with joy.”
  

      “Birthday is a sacred-life celebration.”
  


      “Be purpose oriented and remember that the ultimate source of joy is in giving; the ultimate purpose of life is happiness.”
  

      “Explore the timeless wonders of life.”
  


      “Happiness un life comes form many sources”
  

      “Be joyful. Be graceful.”
  


      “Lover scuttles his body, because he sinks in happiness. (L'amoureux saborde son corps, - Car il coule dans le bonheur.)”
  

      “Your blessings far outnumber your bitterness.”
  


      “Trade your bitterness with gratefulness. You will find joy of life.”
  

