“Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.”

“Our wretched species is so made that those who walk on the well-trodden path always throw stones at those who are showing a new road.”



“Throughout history, people with new ideas—who think differently and try to change things—have always been called troublemakers.”


“If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old”

“All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.”

“History is filled with brilliant people who wanted to fix things and just made them worse.”


“Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and, therefore, the foundation of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.”

“Dreamers are mocked as impractical. The truth is they are the most practical, as their innovations lead to progress and a better way of life for all of us.”

“Remember the two benefits of failure. First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn't work; and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach.”

“The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.”

“Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want--you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don't know. I've forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn't matter, so long as you move.”


“Chance favors the connected mind.”


“Steve Jobs gave a small private presentation about the iTunes Music Store to some independent record label people. My favorite line of the day was when people kept raising their hand saying, "Does it do [x]?", "Do you plan to add [y]?". Finally Jobs said, "Wait wait — put your hands down. Listen: I know you have a thousand ideas for all the cool features iTunes could have. So do we. But we don't want a thousand features. That would be ugly. Innovation is not about saying yes to everything. It's about saying NO to all but the most crucial features.”

“It isn't all over; everything has not been invented; the human adventure is just beginning.”

“Bureaucracy destroys initiative. There is little that bureaucrats hate more than innovation, especially innovation that produces better results than the old routines. Improvements always make those at the top of the heap look inept. Who enjoys appearing inept?”


“I see no advantage in these new clocks. They run no faster than the ones made 100 years ago.”

“The patterns are simple, but followed together, they make for a whole that is wiser than the sum of its parts. Go for a walk; cultivate hunches; write everything down, but keep your folders messy; embrace serendipity; make generative mistakes; take on multiple hobbies; frequent coffeehouses and other liquid networks; follow the links; let others build on your ideas; borrow, recycle; reinvent. Build a tangled bank.”


“Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship...the act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth.”

“In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists.”

“Where all think alike there is little danger of innovation.”


“You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success.
Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.”

“Innovation is an evolutionary process, so it's not necessary to be radical all the time.”

“Healthy curiosity is a great key in innovation.”

“The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour.”


“Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.”


“Ignore the real world
“That would never work in the real world.” You hear it all the time when you tell people about a fresh idea.
This real world sounds like an awfully depressing place to live. It’s a place where new ideas, unfamiliar approaches, and foreign concepts always
lose. The only things that win are what people already know and do, even if those things are flawed and inefficient.
Scratch the surface and you’ll find these “real world” inhabitants are filled with pessimism and despair. They expect fresh concepts to fail. They
assume society isn’t ready for or capable of change.
Even worse, they want to drag others down into their tomb. If you’re hopeful and ambitious, they’ll try to convince you your ideas are impossible.
They’ll say you’re wasting your time.”


“Keep in mind that imagination is at the heart of all innovation. Crush or constrain it and the fun will vanish.”


“The paradox of innovation is that it is accepted as an innovation when it has become imitation.”

“Creating a better future
Requires creativity in the present.”

“The Brinktown jail is one of the most ingenious ever propounded by civic authorities. It must be remembered that Brinktown occupies the surface of a volcanic butte, overlooking a trackless jungle of quagmire, thorn, eel-vine skiver tussock. A single road leads from city down to jungle; the prisoner is merely locked out of the city. Escape is at his option; he may flee as far through the jungle as he sees fit: the entire continent is at his disposal. But no prisoner ever ventures far from the gate; and, when his presence is required, it is only necessary to unlock the gate and call his name.”


“Creativity dies in an indisciplined environment.”

“This is not the wisdom of the crowd, but the wisdom of someone in the crowd. It’s not that the network itself is smart; it’s that the individuals get smarter because they’re connected to the network.”



“I am certain that a Sewing Machine would relieve as much human suffering as a hundred Lunatic Asylums, and possibly a good deal more.”


“I am resolutely opposed to all innovation, all change, but I am determined to understand what’s happening. Because I don’t choose just to sit and let the juggernaut roll over me. Many people seem to think that if you talk about something recent, you’re in favor of it. The exact opposite is true in my case. Anything I talk about is almost certainly something I’m resolutely against. And it seems to me the best way to oppose it is to understand it. And then you know where to turn off the buttons.”


“Old ideas can sometimes use new buildings. New ideas must use old buildings.”


“Legendary innovators like Franklin, Snow, and Darwin all possess some common intellectual qualities—a certain quickness of mind, unbounded curiosity—but they also share one other defining attribute. They have a lot of hobbies.”


“Good ideas may not want to be free, but they do want to connect, fuse, recombine. They want to reinvent themselves by crossing conceptual borders. They want to complete each other as much as they want to compete”


“The companies that refused to make hard choices, or refused to admit that anything much was happening, fared badly. If they survive, it is only because their respective governments will not let them go under.”


“You want to be the first to do something. You want to create something. You want to innovate something...I often think of Edison inventing the light bulb. That's what I want to do. I want to drive over the bridge coming out of New York there and look down on that sea of lights that is New Jersey and say, `Hey, I did that!' ”


“If Paul Revere had been a modern day citizen, he wouldn't have ridden down Main Street. He would have tweeted.”

“The uncreative mind can spot wrong answers, but it takes a very creative mind to spot wrong questions.”

“BE OPEN TO new thoughts, to new people, to new principles, to new ideas, to new experiences. "NEW" MAKES US GROW”

“Die Welt ist voller Torheit, Dumpfheit, Inkonsequenz und Ungerechtigkeit. Es gehört viel Mut dazu, diesen nicht das Feld zu räumen.”

“If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.”


“Innovation is deviance which means that the rebellious personality is a natural resource for practical creativity. As an innovator, you need to reject the old to establish a new, better, status quo. And one of the most powerful sources of newness is the rebel or maverick, mind.”

“life is a continous journey of transformation”


“The people who work within these industries or public services know that there are basic flaws. But they are almost forced to ignore them and to concentrate instead on patching here, improving there, fighting the fire or caulking that crack. They are thus unable to take the innovation seriously, let alone to try to compete with it. They do not, as a rule, even notice it until it has grown so big as to encroach on their industry or service, by which time it has become irreversible. In the meantime, the innovators have the field to themselves.”


“Innovators are inevitably controversial.”

“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”

“In peace-armies discipline meant the hunt, not of an average but of an absolute; the hundred per cent standard in which the ninety-nine were played down to the level of the weakest man on parade…. The deeper the discipline, the lower was the individual excellence; also the more sure the performance. – T. E. Lawrence Seven Pillars of Wisdom”


“I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on”


“One of the many innovations of modernism was the new demands it placed on the audience. Music, painting, literature, even architecture, would never again be quite so 'easy' as they had been.”


“An idea that's BOLD is worthless until SOLD!”


“Babbage had most of this system sketched out by 1837, but the first true computer to use this programmable architecture didn’t appear for more than a hundred years.”


“For the most part, the best opportunities now lie where your competitors have yet to establish themselves, not where they're already entrenched. Microsoft is struggling to adapt to that new reality.”


“Excellence must be achieved through the eyes of those who judge us; once achieved it can only be maintained with constant innovation.”

“It was probably no accident that it was the cripple Hephaestus who made ingenious machines; a normal man didn't have to hoist or jack himself over hindrances by means of cranks, chains and metal parts. Then it was in the line of human advance that Einhorn could do so much.”


“Berners-Lee was supremely lucky in the work environment he had settled into, the Swiss particle physics lab CERN. It took him ten years to nurture his slow hunch about a hypertext information platform.”


“Innovation basically involves making obsolete that which you did before.”


“His special gift was the ability to see the essence of a worthwhile suggestion and to relate it to what was already in existence or planned. Then he would encourage and shape the new project, repeatedly redesigning the curriculum so that a new department or course could have a comfortable place in which to grow and offer it benefits.”


“The point, as I emphasize in the book, is not for players to become professionals, but rather to have innovative and creative ways of thinking about real problems as part of their intellectual toolkit.”

“Innovation is the creation and delivery of new customer value in the marketplace.”



“[F]or all its reputation for conservatism, cricket in its history has demonstrated a remarkable capacity for innovation. What game has survived subjection to such extraordinary manipulations, having been prolonged to 10 days (in Durban 70 years ago), truncated to as few as 60 balls (in Hong Kong every year), and remained recognisable in each instance?”

“One keeps looking out for innovation in IPL, but of late it hasn't been all that obvious. Lionel Richie as an opening act? Johnny Mathis must have been busy. Matthew Hayden's Mongoose? Looks a bit like Bob Willis' bat with the "flow-through holes"; Saint Peter batting mitts are surely overdue a revival. The only genuinely intriguing step this year, bringing the IPL to YouTube, was forced on Modi by the collapse of Setanta; otherwise what Modi presents as 'innovation' is merely expansion by another name, in the number of franchises and the number of games.”

“Throw an idea into the world and its impact will ripple and reverberate beyond your side of the shore.”

“Any change holds an opportunity.”


“The pitching coach was bugged by the author's technique because he had never seen anyone do it before, and besides, it wasn't the coach's idea.”


“Without inspiration, innovation is dead.”


“... He who innovates will have for his enemies all those who are well off under the existing order of things, and only lukewarm supporters in those who might be better off under the new... partly from the incredulity of mankind, who will never admit the merit of anything new, until they have seen it proved by the event.”


“... From want of foresight men make changes which relishing well at first do not betray their hidden venom, as I have already observed respecting hectic fever. Nevertheless, the ruler is not truly wise who cannot discern evils before they develop themselves, and this is a faculty given to few.”

“Because there was no pre-existing patrician elite, those successful in the new book industry could write very swiftly to the top of the social hierarchy.”


“... I believe that he will prosper most whose mode of acting best adapts itself to the character of the times; and conversely that he will be unprosperous, with whose mode of acting the times do not accord.”


“For no man is found so prudent as to know how to adapt himself to these changes, both because he cannot deviate from the course to which nature inclines him, and because, having always prospered while adhering to one path, he cannot be persuaded that it would be well for him to forsake it. And so when occasion requires the cautious man to act impetuously, he cannot do so and is undone: whereas had he changed his nature with time and circumstances, his fortune would have been unchanged.”


“Innovation lies in a creative mind”

“Use your passion to create a job.”

“[That] speaks to one of the most important roles of a leader; to boil down an organization's many priorities into a simple plan, so that employees can remember it, internalize it, and act on it.”


“The very success of the internet itself is due to its openness, equality of opportunity and innovation. Platforms like Facebook itself would not have been created if Mr. Mark Zuckerberg was accessing the internet via free basics.”

“If you can find your perfect job, create one.”

“Create the job, we wish to have.”

“Photography is not about costly cameras'. It's about your huge passion and little interest in innovation.”

“The future will be different from how they have told us”


“Personal conviction held always in life that it is better to spend a few minutes in Bathroom or Lavatory than many hours in a Laboratory or Library for the novelty in idea generation and incubation.”

“The commercialization of molecular biology is the most stunning ethical event in the history of science, and it has happened with astonishing speed. For four hundred years since Galileo, science has always proceeded as a free and open inquiry into the workings of nature. Scientists have always ignored national boundaries, holding themselves above the transitory concerns of politics and even wars. Scientists have always rebelled against secrecy in research, and have even frowned on the idea of patenting their discoveries, seeing themselves as working to the benefit of all mankind. And for many generations, the discoveries of scientists did indeed have a peculiarly selfless quality... Suddenly it seemed as if everyone wanted to become rich. New companies were announced almost weekly, and scientists flocked to exploit genetic research... It is necessary to emphasize how significant this shift in attitude actually was. In the past, pure
scientists took a snobbish view of business. They saw the pursuit of money as intellectually
uninteresting, suited only to shopkeepers. And to do research for industry, even at the prestigious Bell or IBM labs, was only for those who couldn't get a university appointment. Thus the attitude of pure scientists was fundamentally critical toward the work of applied scientists, and to industry in general. Their long-standing antagonism kept university scientists free of contaminating industry ties, and whenever debate arose about technological matters, disinterested scientists were available to discuss the issues at the highest levels. But that is no longer true. There are very few molecular biologists and very few research institutions without commercial affiliations. The old days are gone. Genetic research continues, at a more furious pace than ever. But it is done in secret, and in haste, and for profit.”


“You think an idea's bad but to others, it's a brilliant idea. Instead of thinking that an idea is bad, look at it differently and the final outcome of this "bad" idea will shock you. Rules should be followed. It is a tradition to know what can and can't be done. But innovation doesn't require the boundaries rules provide. It is when you stop following that you start having unexpected fun.”


“Echte Innovation ist nur in einem barrierefreien System möglich.”

“Regulations in an "Idea Economy" are restraints on innovation.”

“I suppose every innovation started out as a fantasy.”


“Just because you have baggage doesn't mean you have to lug it around.”

“All this attempt to control... We are talking about Western attitudes that are five hundred years old... The basic idea of science - that there was a new way to look at reality, that it was objective, that it did not depend on your beliefs or your nationality, that it was rational - that idea was fresh and exciting back then. It offered promise and hope for the future, and it swept away the old medieval system, which was hundreds of years old. The medieval world of feudal politics and religious dogma and hateful superstitions fell before science. But, in truth, this was because the medieval world didn't really work any more. It didn't work economically, it didn't work intellectually, and it didn't fit the new world that was emerging... But now... science is the belief system that is hundreds of years old. And, like the medieval system before it, science is starting to not fit the world any more. Science has attained so much power that its practical limits begin to be apparent. Largely through science, billions of us live in one small world, densely packed and intercommunicating. But science cannot help us decide what to do with that world, or how to live. Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can not tell us not to build it. Science can make pesticide, but cannot tell us not to use it. And our world starts to seem polluted in fundamental ways - air, and water, and land - because of ungovernable science... At the same time, the great intellectual justification of science has vanished. Ever since Newton and Descartes, science has explicitly offered us the vision of total control. Science has claimed the power to eventually control everything, through its understanding of natural laws. But in the twentieth century, that claim has been shattered beyond repair. First, Heisenberg's uncertainty principle set limits on what we could know about the subatomic world. Oh well, we say. None of us lives in a subatomic world. It doesn't make any practical difference as we go through our lives. Then Godel's theorem set similar limits to mathematics, the formal language of science. Mathematicians used to think that their language had some inherent trueness that derived from the laws of logic. Now we know what we call 'reason' is just an arbitrary game. It's not special, in the way we thought it was. And now chaos theory proves that unpredictability is built into our daily lives. It is as mundane as the rain storms we cannot predict. And so the grand vision of science, hundreds of years old - the dream of total control - has died, in our century. And with it much of the justification, the rationale for science to do what it does. And for us to listen to it. Science has always said that it may not know everything now but it will know, eventually. But now we see that isn't true. It is an idle boast. As foolish, and misguided, as the child who jumps off a building because he believes he can fly... We are witnessing the end of the scientific era. Science, like other outmoded systems, is destroying itself. As it gains in power, it proves itself incapable of handling the power. Because things are going very fast now... it will be in everyone's hands. It will be in kits for backyard gardeners. Experiments for schoolchildren. Cheap labs for terrorists and dictators. And that will force everyone to ask the same question - What should I do with my power? - which is the very question science says it cannot answer.”


“Tradition is a set of solutions for which we have forgotten the problems. Throw away the solution and you get the problem back. Sometimes the problem has mutated or disappeared. Often it is still there as strong as it ever was.”


“The people’s life journey traverses from being child to being wild; the privilege is not in growing old but being able to hold the infant’s nature for as many days and as much as a person can in oneself.”

“All canonical writing possesses the quality "of making you feel strangeness at home.”



“You need to make a decision - are you are an imitator or an innovator?”

“Originality must compound with inheritance.”


“We stand at a crossroads. Do we choose 'the will to power' or 'the will to humanity,' or perhaps a new configuration of both: the power of humanity?”

“People who are driven by their values will overcome hurdles, difficulties, and obstacles in ways that people driven only by profit will never be able to”

“Exponential Results Requires Exponential Thinking and High Performance Teamworking with Growth Oriented Mindsets.”

“A $10,000 investment in Dell at its 1988 initial public offering would have yielded a fortune of ~$6 million at the stock’s peak.”


“The origin of innovation and entrepreneurship is a creative mindset”

“Only those who constantly retool themselves stand a chance of staying employed in the years ahead.”

“A high degree of autonomy is what permits innovation, experimentation and risk taking in a bureaucracy. If the slightest mistake can end a career, then no one will ever take risks.”


“If one sentence were to sum up the mechanism driving the Great Stagnation, it is this: Recent and current innovation is more geared to private goods than to public goods. That simple observation ties together the three major macroeconomic events of our time: growing income inequality, stagnant median income, and the financial crisis.”

“Innovation is the heart of humanity.”


“We need new ideas and new creativities to help address contemporary issues.”


“Innovation is the heart of humanity.
We need new ideas and new creativities to help address contemporary issues.”


“Nobody thought the direct business model would work. But work it did, and spectacularly. Until it didn’t. And therein lies the tale.”


“Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way. Who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.”


“Innovation is the art of creating a better, a more convenient and more comfortable way for the world to pass. Leaders leave footprints everywhere they go. They are impact makers and innovators.”


“Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way, who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.”

“Bad business does not revolve around missing crossroads. It revolves around roundabouts.”

“Be creative, be innovative, consume what everyone consumes and make it fresh!”

“Canonical writing is born of an originality fused with tradition. – From the book jacket”


“Those who disrupt their industries change consumer behavior, alter economics, and transform lives.”


“What Emily Dickinson does not rename or redefine, she revises beyond easy recognition.”


“Emily Dickinson sublimely unnames even the blanks.”


“To the disrupters go the spoils.”


“Tradition is not only bending down, or process of benign transmission. It is also a conflict between past genius and present aspiration in which the price is literary survival or canonical inclusion.”


“The inventor knows HOW to borrow.”


“Knowing that an asteroid is going to hit the earth is not really useful if you are not planning to launch missiles to knock it out of the sky. You have to work massively overtime on the belief that innovation or massive change is going to happen.' — Tom Martin, former VP of marketing”

“Living your life on your own terms is utterly glorious. It makes perfect sense to you, but you have to be willing to let go of everything else. It has to be okay if nobody else likes that, but then when other people see that you are brave, you don’t mind. They’re fascinated by that because we all love brave people. We all love it when people are heroic.”

“Your true power is not in your difference, but in your consistency of being different. The world will always adjust to consistency, yet struggle with change.”

“When you are trying to do something very innovative and revolutionary, you must also open yourself to a lot of questions.”

“Customers don't know what they want until we've shown them.”



“Don't expect others to hand success to you. Create it - with heart, energy and enterprise - and you'll make it come true”

“Bridges take people across rivers. Leaders take people across ignorance. With a leader, the destination of a journey is sure.”


“Unlike other product developers, Jobs did not believe the customer was always right; if they wanted to resist using a mouse, they were wrong.”


“Innovation was a curious thing. It never failed to amaze him.
And yet this place confirmed what they’d long known: that truly disruptive innovation rarely came from the expected sources. They’d had so much more luck investing in eccentric B and C students. The rationale was simple: Those heavily invested in the status quo had difficulty thinking outside of it—and were often tainted by it. Especially when success and peer approval beckoned. One did not accidentally graduate from top-tier schools. One strove to get in and to maintain grades once there, and to do that, one usually needed to be a master at conformity. To excel in all the accepted conventions.
No, the truly different thinkers often went unnoticed.”


“The greatest discovery is self-discovery.”


“Genuine collaboration is an environment that promotes communication, learning, maximum contribution, and innovation.”


“Never fight any progressive moves unless you can move faster to achieve something different.”

“The opposite of value is a commodity item with little or no perceived value — which means people are not seeking it out and when they do, it’s merely one of the many choices (so very likely the cheapest offering will get the sale).”

“Look at every ‘revolutionary’ brand or category killer, it had an app, or a feature, or a functionality, or a user experience nobody else at that point could offer. I refer to this as ‘the Killer App’ principle.”


“So it comes down to scarcity, one product or service having qualities you won’t find everywhere or ideally, anywhere. It’s the job of every brand to seek that out as their standard, their stamp.”

“Evidently, one thing seems to have more value in direct proportion to whether or not we feel we have the freedoms, joys or conveniences of that thing.”

“Ideas are the currency of innovation.”

“There are three points I used to help a gourmet chocolatier increase sales 300% in a single month as well as a Midwest city to increase tourism guests 500% in 12 months.”


“It becomes a question of 'How do we convey our differentiation instantaneously?' and drive a wedge between any apparent (or assumed) sameness in the marketplace.”

“The biggest mistake brands make are trying to “sell their stuff” rather than clarifying what people are actually buying.”

“Who are we, and how do we relate this idea in a way that’s meaningful to our customers and the values they hold dear?
In other words, one must define something meaningful. To do that, one must identify to whom this must be meaningful.”

“A great sports car that goes from 0-60 in 3.9 seconds is just a fact. To the wrong audience, it’s irrelevant. But to the right audience, it’s a passion.”

“Why do some brands grow explosively when others (that could be thriving) die a lonely and forgettable death?”

“When it comes to branding and the ever-changing social media phenomenon, you’re not a mushroom. In other words, you shouldn’t be kept in the dark and fed a pile of...well, you get the idea.”

“Consider, for a moment, how profound is an education: every human-made object in the world is the result of one. Every car, computer, particle accelerator, thatched hut, hairstyle, soufflé, piano concerto. These are the products not only of the skilled hands and nimble minds of their creators, but the result of whole traditions and systems of education. Change education, and you change the world.”


“When you think there is nothing left to improve on, your business dies, for there is no shortage of innovators”


“Consumers today have become a cynical mob of buyers who believe the reviews and ratings of complete strangers much more readily than your brand's promises and distinctions.”

“Every great brand goes back to a courageous individual who dared to say 'NO' to the status quo.”


“You may be smart, talented, and hardworking but if you do not know about an opportunity, you do not get that opportunity. At our offices, we are solving this problem for millions.”

“Don't try to think outside the box- get outside the box, then think!”


“To measure market needs, I would watch carefully what customers do, not simply listen to what they say. Watching how customers actually use a product provides much more reliable information than can be gleaned from a verbal interview or a focus group. Thus, observations indicate that auto users today require a minimum cruising range (that is, the distance that can be driven without refueling) of about 125 to 150 miles; most electric vehicles only offer a minimum cruising range of 50 to 80 miles. Similarly, drivers seem to require cars that accelerate from 0 to 60 miles per hour in less than 10 seconds (necessary primarily to merge safely into highspeed traffic from freeway entrance ramps); most electric vehicles take nearly 20 seconds to get there.
And, finally, buyers in the mainstream market demand a wide array of options, but it would be impossible for electric vehicle manufacturers to offer a similar variety within the small initial unit volumes that will characterize that business. According to almost any definition of functionality used for the vertical axis of our proposed chart, the electric vehicle will be deficient compared to a gasolinepowered car.
This information is not sufficient to characterize electric vehicles as disruptive, however. They will only be disruptive if we find that they are also on a trajectory of improvement that might someday make them competitive in parts of the mainstream market.
The trajectories of performance improvement demanded in the market—whether measured in terms of required acceleration, cruising range, or top cruising speed—are relatively flat. This is because traffic laws impose a limit on the usefulness of ever-more-powerful cars, and demographic, economic, and geographic considerations limit the increase in commuting miles for the average driver to less than 1 percent per year.
At the same time, the performance of electric vehicles is improving at a faster rate—between 2 and 4 percent per year—suggesting that sustaining technological advances might indeed carry electric vehicles from their position today, where they cannot compete in mainstream markets, to a position in the future where they might.”

“Brands are either built on reruns or coming attractions. The future has no road map while the past does. Creating a brand that blazes new trails can sometimes be bumpy but will also allow you to be the first to discover something new, something meaningful and something that makes others ask, “Why didn’t we think of that?” Be very scared of “old tricks” and build a spirit of innovation. It’s the “old tricks” that have the highest risk, not doing something bold.”

“People who are driven by love will overcome hardships and hurdles in ways that people who are only driven by profit never can.”

“Launching a brand is not for those with thin skin. It takes courage, intelligence and foresight.”



“Authentic leaders inspire us to engage with each other in powerful dreams that make the impossible possible. We are called on to persevere despite failure and pursue a purpose beyond the paycheck. This is at the core of innovation. It requires aligning the dreams of each individual to the broader dream of the organization.”


“The future is a direction, not a destination.”

“Life is made up of dots”


“It is common understanding that communication is at the heart of any organisation. So, why have organisational models not evolved accordingly? To truly leverage the potential of this information age, we need to rethink and redesign organisations”


“Your craft is comprehensive if it represents you.”

“If he had gone to the old school, he was by no means old-school.”


“New dreams are like new wines; they grow sweeter over time. With patience, you will be able to climb your spiritual, financial, academic, marital and social ladders in Jesus' name!”


“When you come across an excellent invention, what it should tell you is that someone used most of his sleeping time as his thinking time... and he kept doing the same until his good became better and his better became the best!”


“embrace vulnerability; find support; stay curious”

“Great things often come from actions and decisions taken by others, that are deemed wild, stupid or unreasonable at the time, but later prove to be very useful.”


“Like most events that change the world, it didn't seem interest to anyone except the people willing to do the work.”

“Like most other events that change the world, it didn't seem interesting to anyone except the people willing to do the work.”

“It is vital that we are equipped with the humility to understand that changing the world and keeping innovation alive require that we change ourselves.”


“With every innovation comes a new abuse.”


“And while a brand is so much more than a company’s logo, the logo is one of the key ambassadors to any brand.”

“Money can merely buy/acquire/get you what is already available. Without it one has an unlimited opportunity to innovate and create anything,”


“Cookie cutters are for baking, not branding.”


“Having a me-too brand is a death sentence.”


“Your brand exists to differentiate. “Same crap, different day” won’t do it. A day that goes by without breaking some sacred branding rule is a day a brand has lost to rise above the status quo. By breaking those rules with insight, intelligent and innovation, your brand can get heard in a world that’s simply too busy to listen.”


“We've all seen it. A #startup begins with a #dream, a #passion to do something others have missed or overlooked.”


“We know there are thousands of ways to solve any branding problem a company faces, yet the only valuable solutions are the effective ones. Doing something ineffective in half the time–or “more efficiently” or “more economically”–isn’t progress, but is instead bad business. Very bad business.”


“Social media isn’t a brand strategy. Social media is a channel. While it’s important for a brand to develop something to say, it’s more important to create something that will be heard.”

“History is filled with inferior brands outselling superior ones thanks to better branding. Only superior branding has the power to overcome and reverse this (and superior products and services deserve superior branding).”


“Customers have a first moment when they discover your brand. If you were to look at it today with a fresh pair of eyes, in fact only through a pair of fresh customer eyes and witness your brand for the very first time, what would you see? What impression would make? Or fail to make? Would your brand blend in? Would it stand out? Would it be memorable, or the leading cause of amnesia amongst shoppers everywhere? Facing the truth of this and fixing it as needed will determine whether your brand thrives or merely stumbles along.”


“Why is it there’s no aisle in a grocery or department in a store or menu on a website for “average stuff” or “beige products”? FACT: People never got passionate about mediocre and average. While consumers and clients can find “best deals” and “natural foods” and “artisan goods,” one doesn’t find an aisle or a website menu tab offering “average stuff” without excelling in something (which might explain that while vanilla is necessary for the ice cream sundae, it’s the hot fudge we all crave and talk about).”


“If your brand is a cliché, your brand is losing sales and growth. Why? If your brand is using clichés to promote itself, you’re promoting your “category,” not your unique, individual brand. Painful? Yes. Solvable? Absolutely.”


“Brand growth and dominance is created by having the highest brand value, not the lowest price tag.”


“One can always sell something by offering the lowest price. But this does not create loyalty to your brand. Never did and never will. It only creates “loyalty” to that price point. As soon as your guest or visitor is offered a better price, he or she will jump ship, leaving you like a scorned lover in the middle of the night.”


“The psychology of individual creativity is about at least three different things. First, creativity is about thinking differently. Second, creativity is about feeling differently. Third, creativity is about focusing, or committing, differently.”



“You were created, fashioned and designed in a special form to leave in the world something that did not exist before you were born!”


“Entrepreneur, if you're going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind.”

“Innovation is a man made change that we see with a sense of wonder.”

“Innovation can start with wanting what does not yet exist - and finding a solution - or seeing what does not yet exist - and finding an opportunity.”


“Entrepreneur, take a bite out of Apple's innovation so in turn you can bear fruits of creativity.”

“Before innovation - or practical creativity - there is insight. You must see the world differently.”


“Culture is the sum of the values, beliefs and assumptions of human groups.”


“In a gentle way, you can shake the world”

“Plug into the anti-obvious power of the rebel. Or get those opposing minds to plug into your purpose, to solve your problem, to reimagine your process.”


“As an innovator, you need to be aware of how traditions, habits and bias can act as barriers to accepting new ideas.”


“The main benefit of innovation for your organization is not competitive advantage. It is survival.”


“In this digital age with its speed of change, any brand that refuses to ‎innovate will die”

“It is through vision that innovation is conceived;through will power it is then materialized.”

“Even a small amount of unplanned downtime can effect a company’s profitability and reputation.”

“When you know the destination, the path is easy.”

“Our lives are marked by the people who choose to matter more: the teacher who encouraged our curiosity, the neighbor who lent a helping hand in time of need, the great leaders and perceptive thinkers whose vision and innovation improve the quality of our lives. And that's what it means to matter more. It's not about pursuit of riches or fame. It's about making a difference in people's lives. Remembered or not, lived out in a small town or on the world stage, the journey of relevance matters.”


“Innovation is about practical creativity - it's about making new ideas useful...”

“I pride myself in being a technology innovator, so our specialty at Veeam is our laser-focused commitment to R&D, but you cannot build solid solutions without knowing what the goals are for your customers.”

“involving into an iterative process of simplifying the 'complexity', and then transforming this 'simplicity into newer complexity' while integrating the unsolved domain for an unprecedented success.”

“The new world with more technology, more connectivity, more innovation, and more advantages is less forgiving than the one we left behind”

“Innovation = Ideas + Execution + Adoption”


“Innovation, reinventing the invention”

“Are you afraid that you're hurting your national auto industry? - Environmental protection isn't a burden. It's innovation. Protecting a backward industry is no way to promote innovation. The government's role is to set standards and then ensure fair competition in the market. You win the market through fair competition.”

“Customers often know more about your products than you do. Use them as a source of inspiration and ideas for product development.”


“If traditional doesn't work, then traditions won't do.”


“Problem-insight precedes solution insight. Someone has to recognise a problem before they start to solve the problem...”


“If there are no new ideas, there is no innovation. And if there is no creativity, there are no new ideas.”


“The reason why nothing happens is because nothing was done. Something will happen when something is done. Leaders take actions!”


“Flawless and faultless outcomes are not products of lawless and careless people. No lawless person is a genuine innovator. To your skillfulness, add good manners; to your willfulness, add carefulness!”


“Not only should we encourage kids to daydream, but also to jump-in and build those dreams. Dreaming is largely lost among adults drowning in self-imposed realities.”

“Rebels revel in rewriting reality's restrictions.”

“Entrepreneur, if you're going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind”

“Creativity isn't meant to introduce complexity it is expected to add simplicity.”

“One of the things I’ve learnt about goals is people will write them or wrong them.”

“Gamblers take blind risks. Entrepreneurs take risks while visually impaired and feel their way up and out.”

“Living life dangerously is the key to recognizing that you can do whatever you want when you stop limiting what you believe in.”

“Not having a recognised brand & trying to stand out in the market is like going to the market without any goods.”

“Your thoughts can change your actions and your actions can change your thoughts.”

“Learning to fail is a virtue. Failing to learn is a sin.”

“A product in the marketplace is the result of thought in an inner space and action more than the common place.”

“Admirations are never paid in any way, try to make yourself of what you admire, and it will pay you with originality.”

“Pull approaches differ significantly from push approaches in terms of how they organize and manage resources. Push approaches are typified by "programs" - tightly scripted specifications of activities designed to be invoked by known parties in pre-determined contexts. Of course, we don't mean that all push approaches are software programs - we are using this as a broader metaphor to describe one way of organizing activities and resources. Think of thick process manuals in most enterprises or standardized curricula in most primary and secondary educational institutions, not to mention the programming of network television, and you will see that institutions heavily rely on programs of many types to deliver resources in pre-determined contexts.
Pull approaches, in contrast, tend to be implemented on "platforms" designed to flexibly accommodate diverse providers and consumers of resources. These platforms are much more open-ended and designed to evolve based on the learning and changing needs of the participants. Once again, we do not mean to use platforms in the literal sense of a tangible foundation, but in a broader, metaphorical sense to describe frameworks for orchestrating a set of resources that can be configured quickly and easily to serve a broad range of needs. Think of Expedia's travel service or the emergency ward of a hospital and you will see the contrast with the hard-wired push programs.”

“When you are in a fix, often the fix is in you.”

“The less you use your brain, the less it will be there for use when you need it.”

“Growing a culture requires a good storyteller. Changing a culture requires a persuasive editor.”

“Entrepreneurs pay the price of a road less traveled, while everyone else takes the freeway and perpetually misses their own exit.”

“The joy of disruption comes from accepting that we all live in a temporal state.”



“Proformas rarely perform; missed projections are more often the norm. Still, we skew them up high, we miss but we try, for proformas which rarely perform.”

“Living a life full of wonder provides for a wonderful life.”

“Never despise the talents you have. It is by them that you will do something that has not yet come into existence until you were born.”


“Civic imagination and innovation and creativity are emerging from local ecosystems now and radiating outward, and this great innovation, this great wave of localism that's now arriving, and you see it in how people eat and work and share and buy and move and live their everyday lives, this isn't some precious parochialism, this isn't some retreat into insularity, no. This is emergent. The localism of our time is networked powerfully. And so, for instance, consider the ways that strategies for making cities more bike-friendly have spread so rapidly from Copenhagen to New York to Austin to Boston to Seattle. Think about how experiments in participatory budgeting, where everyday citizens get a chance to allocate and decide upon the allocation of city funds. Those experiments have spread from Porto Alegre, Brazil to here in New York City, to the wards of Chicago. Migrant workers from Rome to Los Angeles and many cities between are now organizing to stage strikes to remind the people who live in their cities what a day without immigrants would look like. In China, all across that country, members of the New Citizens' Movement are beginning to activate and organize to fight official corruption and graft, and they're drawing the ire of officials there, but they're also drawing the attention of anti-corruption activists all around the world. In Seattle, where I'm from, we've become part of a great global array of cities that are now working together bypassing government altogether, national government altogether, in order to try to meet the carbon reduction goals of the Kyoto Protocol. All of these citizens, united, are forming a web, a great archipelago of power that allows us to bypass brokenness and monopolies of control.”

“It is the people who innovate that inspire, and innovation is not born of the status quo.”

“If your thoughts can change your actions,
then your actions can change your thoughts.”

“Innovation is the only bridge to mind digital gaps.”


“Innovation is the art at the eyes of artist; the science at the mind of scientist; and the bridge between the art and science.”


“It's inspiration that counts, not the drill.”


“In life, you get what you believe you deserve.”


“The alluring, long-shot chance of a huge gain is the grease that lubricates the machine of innovation.”

“Successful leaders know how to line up support for their initiatives and create the right environment for change and innovation.”


“No obstacle is so big that one person with determination can't make a difference.”



“At the heart of all sales and marketing is the ability to create demand even in the absence of logic.”

“The real challenge is for each of us to determine where we feel we can make the most impact.”


“Success doesn't teach as many lessons as failure”

“You'll never know how close you are to victory if you give up.”


“Pivoting is not the end of the disruption process, but the beginning of the next leg of your journey.”


“To be successful, innovation is not just about value creation, but value capture.”


“An average idea enthusiastically embraced will go farther than a genius idea no one gets.”


“Insight and drive are all the skills you need. Everything else can be hired.”


“A free and open Internet is a despot's worst enemy.”


“Most startup failures result from entrepreneurs who are better at making excuses than products.”


“No one who ever led a nation got there by following the path of another.”


“Data may disappoint, but it never lies.”


“Smart entrepreneurs learn that they must fail often and fast.”


“Every threat to the status quo is an opportunity in disguise.”

“Data has no ego and makes an excellent co-pilot.”


“Billions of dollars worth of research knowledge lie dormant at American universities waiting for the right disruptor to come along and create a business.”


“Problems are just businesses waiting for the right entrepreneur to unlock the value.”


“Those that recognize the inevitability of change stand to benefit the most from it.”


“A disruptor finds opportunity and profit from his misfortunes.”

“The customer is always right...even when they're wrong.”


“If you can imagine a solution, you can make it happen.”


“Crowdsourcing is the ultimate disruptor of distribution because in a most Zen-like fashion, the content is controlled by everyone and no one at the same time.”


“The power of crowd sourcing always remains with the crowd, not the technological implementation.”

“The best big idea is only going to be as good as its implementation.”


“Speed to fail should be every entrepreneur's motto. When you finally find the one idea that can't be killed, go with it.”

“CEOs will gladly overpay for a company if the acquisition enables them to keep their jobs.”

“Our world's future is far more malleable and controllable than most people realize.”


“There are two types of people in this world: those whose look for opportunity and those who make it happen.”


“Disruptors don't have to discover something new; they just have to discover a practical use for new discoveries.”


“Lifelong learning is no longer a luxury but a necessity for employment.”

“You have a choice: pursue your dreams, or be hired by someone else to help them fulfill their dreams.”



“The most important tool you have on a resume is language.”

“Corporate planning cycles are a classic example of generals fighting the last war over again instead of preparing for what might lie ahead.”

“The majority of people are not willing to risk what they have built for the opportunity to have something better.”


“The difference between successful and unsuccessful people is that successful ones know that the most unprofitable thing ever manufactured is an excuse.”


“If you don't know where you want to be in five years, how do you ever expect to get there?”

“Disruption isn't about what happens to you, it's about how you respond to what happens to you.”


“Self-disruption is akin to undergoing major surgery, but you are the one holding the scalpel.”


“If life, you get what you believe you deserve.”

“A negative mind will never find success. I have never heard a positive idea come from a person in a negative state.”


“The most successful people have the same twenty-four hours in a day that you do.”

“A dream with a deadline is a goal.”

“Your energy is a valuable resource, distribute it wisely.”


“Accepting that the odds are against you is the same as accepting defeat before you begin.”


“Security doesn't rob ambition; the illusion of security robs ambition.”


“Starting each day with a positive mindset is the most important step of your journey to discovering opportunity.”


“You can truly have it all, just not all at the same time.”


“Plan for ways to get more enjoyment into your life and you will get more joy out of it.”


“A career is just a longer trip with a whole lot more baggage.”


“You will have more regrets for the things you didn't try than the ones you tried and didn't succeed at.”


“Building a career or a company is about living a few years of your life like most people won't so that you can spend the rest of your life living at a level most people can't.”

“Would you rather work forty hours a week at a job you hate or eighty hours a week doing work you love?”


“Be the best at what you do or the only one doing it.”


“There are riches to be found simply by capturing the value released through others' disruptive breakthroughs.”


“Disruption causes vast sums of money to flow from existing businesses and business models to new entrants.”


“Whether driven by ambition or circumstance, every career gets disrupted.”


“The business world is littered with the fossils of companies that failed to evolve. Disrupt or be disrupted. There is no middle ground.”


“There is a difference between failing and failure. Failing is trying something that you learn doesn't work. Failure is throwing in the towel and giving up.”


“It is not incumbent on the world to conform to your vision of change. It is up to you to explain the future in terms that those living in the past and present can follow.”


“To be CREATIVE, you have to be CRAZY, not because you're CRAZY or want others to become CRAZY, but because you must be CRAZY, before others become CRAZY for you.”

“When you don't have to ask for permission innovation thrives.”



“Perhaps then one reason why we have no great poet, novelist or critic writing today is that we refuse to allow words their liberty. We pin them down to one meaning, their useful meaning: the meaning which makes us catch the train, the meaning which makes us pass the examination.”


“I faced people from all walks of business who fully disregarded design (though they were completely influenced by it). I also met fine artists who drowned in their own work and the dense creative universe in their minds.
Then I met designers. And instantly fell in love. Let me tell you why.
Designers are familiar with critiques. They not only tolerate them but actively look out for them. They honestly believe in iterations and learn to edit down their work. They embrace simplicity and create beauty based on requirements other than their own. Design education teaches you to run away from assumptions and to have the stomach to scrap your work often.
I’m bringing this up because it’s time to bridge the gap between design and business.”


“If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true really is true, then there would be little hope for advance.”

“The garage is the space for the hacker, the tinkerer, the maker. The garage is not defined by a single field or industry; instead, it is defined by the eclectic interests of its inhabitants. It is a space where intellectual networks converge.”


“...if your great-great-great-grandfather wanted to read his book after dark, some poor soul had to crawl around in a whale’s head for an afternoon.”


“All Disruption starts with introspection.”

“I would rather be a real Timex than a fake Rolex.”

“Knock-offs may look good, but they never last as long as the real thing.”

“So, you don’t have money to invest in your brand? You do have money for damage control, right?
Here’s the thing: anyone can make your brand inferior in your absence.”


“Research conquers doubt. It aligns everyone around the incontestable. Research is the key to clarity—in startups, enterprises, and life itself.”


“Make sure you test your brand story’s recipe with whomever you’re cooking it for.”


“People change, and so do their aspirations, and so should brands.”


“Brands play in an exciting sandbox of symbolic meanings.”


“Lean brands are the result of continually testing assumptions.”


“Do everything in your power to make customers go confidently in the direction of their purchase intention.”


“Brand and product don’t compete. Brand is product, and everything else conforming to the unique story that consumers create when they think of you.”


“Products shouldn’t just work well, they must unfold well.”


“People relate to people, and if your brand feels like people, they’ll relate to you, too.”


“Life is full of different opportunities and decisions to make, and these decisions are what mold our future and “destiny”, and the results of these decisions are a product of hard work and determination and just maybe a little bit of luck.”

“Projet, vision, ambition commune et partagée, autant de termes pour un même objectif.”

“Mais alors, comment élargir le réseau partenarial, exploiter les synergies, réveiller les talents et les gisements de productivité ? Assurément, c’est une question importante et difficile, mais incontournable, largement explicité les pages prochaines de mon ouvrage : « Dans les bois de la gouvernance, je me suis promené… Abdou Karim GUEYE”

“Positioning is finding the right parking space inside the consumer’s mind and going for it before someone else takes it.”


“Your brand story’s “happily ever after” involves open wallets.”


“All human aspirations are opportunities for brands to build relationships.”


“Everything and everyone represents at least one brand. Therefore, to brand or not to brand is not even a question.”


“What is the “Once upon a time” of your brand story? Ask yourself this: “How does what I’m building help consumers close the gap between who they are today and who they want to be tomorrow?”


“In today’s saturated marketplace, you’ll go nowhere selling a “bunch of features.” We are in the business of disrupting the market with brands that matter.”


“All businesses -- no matter if they make dog food or software -- don't sell products, they sell solutions.”


“When there is silence,
Give your voice.
When there is darkness,
Shine your light.
When there is desperation,
Offer hope.”

“Being right keeps you in place. Being wrong forces you to explore.”



“Conformity to the present is invisibility to the future.”

“A creative thought at first sight seems ridiculous and unimportant, an increase in those who cherish it reassures that hiding your creativity hides you for the rest of your life.”

“Never fear starting. Fear never starting.”

“Material wealth do not last forever, but that which probably lasts forever is the wealth of intelligence and creativity.”

“Creativity is the new currency, so, are you credited with new thoughts or overdrawn in old thinking?”

“Come out with your unique signal and don’t always be compelled to go the common way. That is called innovation.”


“The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time.”

“It was the combination of EC2 and S3 - storage and compute, two primitives linked together - that transformed both AWS and the technology world. Startups no longer needed to spend their venture capital on buying servers and hiring specialized engineers to run them. Infrastructure costs were variable instead of fixed, and they could grow in direct proportion to revenues. It freed companies to experiment, to change their business models with a minimum of pain, and to keep up with the rapidly growing audiences of erupting social networks like Facebook and Twitter.”


“It isn't an idea until it’s created, irrespective of its result”

“If you’re struggling to “think outside the box” remember the box is self-imposed. Who says it has to be a box? Why not a bowl of petunias?”

“We are not creators; only combiners of the created. Invention isn't about new ingredients, but new recipes. And innovations taste the best.”

“It isn't an idea until it’s created irrespective of its result”

“Develop your own skills and styles. In music, designing, electronics, etc., you may have a peculiar way of exposing your dreams in an uncommon way”


“A poor attitude does not do the body any favours. Smile and the world will smile back at you.”

“Not only are we digital immigrants, we are also media dinosaurs. We enjoy thumbing through glossy magazines, and maybe still subscribe to a daily newspaper. We schedule at least one evening per week around a favorite TV program, created by one of the major television or cable networks. We can name at least one local or national news anchor. And scattered around our homes and offices are veritable graveyards of physical media — old tapes, vinyl records, floppy disks, and magazines — that we insist on keeping, even though we'll probably never use them again.”

“Never fear what people will say... Never think you can't do it because it was never done before! You can be the source of change that is suspending for quiet a long period now! You too can fly!”


“If you are not good at innovating, be smart in investing.”

“Create lightning bolt ideas during brainstorms by causing disturbances in your atmosphere.”

“I’ve written for the waste basket so often that we’ve become friends. He writes too, but it’s mostly garbage.”

“…it is the public sector I find more interesting, because governments and other non-market institutions have long suffered from the innovation malaise of top-heavy bureaucracies. Today, these institutions have an opportunity to fundamentally alter the way they cultivate and promote good ideas. The more the government thinks of itself as an open platform instead of a centralized bureaucracy, the better it will be for all of us, citizens and activists, and entrepreneurs alike.”


“Entrepreneurs don’t ask for permission. They act per a mission.”

“To succeed in the digital realm, technology has to provide a strong disruptive element right from the start. If things cannot be done differently , a transition to digital is not going to be compelling enough for a wide enough adoption to create sustainability.”


“There is, of course, a deep irony in the fact that technology, which was supposed to cut the ties between people and places and allow people everywhere to work from almost anywhere, turns out to flourish in fairly compact geographic locations.”


“It is not. The aspiring leader has been set up to fail. He just doesn't recognize it yet. The first few months go well, but reality soon sets in. It is not easy for one person to create change in a large corporation. After one year, the leader feels though he is trying to make innovation happen inside an organization that is, in every way, determined to fight his every move.”


“Attend seminars, forums, conferences, summits and sessions where interesting topics about dream fulfillment and personal branding are prioritized themes and topics. Get exposed to better ways of doing things”


“Organizations are not designed for innovation. Quite the contrary, they are designed for ongoing operations.”


“[L]ike people, ideas have social lives. They’re one way when they’re by themselves, and another when they’re surrounded by their peers. Crammed together, they grow more uncertain, more interesting, more surprising; they come out of themselves and grow more appealing, and funnier. You wouldn’t want all of intellectual life to be that social--we couldn’t make progress that way. But there’s a special atmosphere that develops whenever truly different ideas congregate, and, on the whole, it’s too rare.”

“Most students have to do some work to resuscitate their childlike curiosity. The best way to do that is to start asking questions again—lots of them.”

“Keeping the door that leads to your heart ajar is destructive as univited guests would move in and trample on your feelings, leaving you in great pains, but closing it always is a sure way to spot out the destructive and innovative guests.”

“So the conservative who resists change is as valuable as the radical who proposes it -- perhaps as much more as the roots are more vital than grafts. It is good that new ideas should be heard, for the sake of the few that can be used; but it is also good that new ideas should be compelled to go through the mill of objection, opposition, and contumely; this is the trial heat which innovations must survive before being allowed to enter the human race. It is good that the old should resist the young, and that the young should prod the old; out of this tension, as out of the strife of the sexes and the classes, comes a creative tensile strength, a stimulated development, a secret and basic unity and movement of the whole.”

“Your mental problem becomes a solution when it can be used to solve problems.”

“Constraint inspires creativity”



“Disruptive innovation is entrepreneurs changing their industry with unique creativity.”

“Teaching is a Creative profession, it is our duty as School Leaders and Education Influencers to offer the right climate to foster innovation and support Innovative Teaching practices within our schools, and that's what will make our students succeed in the 21st century”

“I believe...that to be very poor and very beautiful is most probably a moral failure more than an artistic success. Shakespeare would have done well in any generation because he would have refused to die in a corner; he would have taken the false gods and made them over; he would have taken the current formulae and forced them into something lesser men thought them incapable of. Alive today he would undoubtedly have written and directed motion pictures, plays, and God knows what. Instead of saying, "This medium is not good," he would have used it and made it good. If some people called some his work cheap (which some of it was), he wouldn't have cared a rap, because he would know that without some vulgarity there is no complete man. He would have hated refinement, as such, because it is always a withdrawal, and he was too tough to shrink from anything.”


“You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.”

“We need to move from comparative advantage to perpetual advantage...”


“We do not need to attend classroom training programs for everything, our observation opens the windows of knowledge around us.”


“Your ultimate reason for staying in this crooked world is not to imitate its devastating physique, but trying do something about its ugly appearance.”

“We all are creative by nature, but our creativity gets buried deep under the pressure of our day to day mad rush.”


“If you know one thing very well and the rest only superficially, that one thing will always appear to be more 'unique.”

“Creativity is just an attraction to the second rate minds but simplification to the first rate minds.”

“Creativity means bringing simplicity to the existing.”

“Innovation is finding a better way to make things a little better.”

“The idea of innovation is the idea of progress stripped of the aspirations of the Enlightenment, scrubbed clean of the horrors of the twentieth century, and relieved of its critics.”

“Creativity is admired only if it solves the problem.”

“If you are not innovating, you are deteriorating.”

“Tradition is the prison where change is detained... To make a change, you need to agree that you are not going with the statement "this is how we do it"! Yes, that was how it was done, but what next? Agree to change!”


“Improvement is not enough, you also need innovation.”

“Managers maintain the present while leaders create the future.”

“Every organisation faces challenges, but few seize to perform, not due to any shortage of funds, technology or knowledge, but due to the fact that people in such organisations do not use their creativity to explore innovative solution for their challenges.”


“Nature grows where the atmosphere is conducive – a bit of oxygen, soil, moisture and we see plants growing. Even between the stones. Exactly the same way, if we are happy and honest to ourselves, our creative glands gets activated and soon we get the astonishing solution to our challenges.”


“At times we fail to find solution for our challenges, but those solutions are very much around us. Our creativity can help us reach those solutions.”


“It is never an idea, technology, market forces, or access to capital that makes a company innovative. What differentiates an innovative company from an average company is the people working inside the company.”


“Was [Steve Jobs] smart? No, not exceptionally. Instead, he was a genius. His imaginative leaps were instinctive, unexpected, and at times magical. [...] Like a pathfinder, he could absorb information, sniff the winds, and sense what lay ahead. Steve Jobs thus became the greatest business executive of our era, the one most certain to be remembered a century from now.
History will place him in the pantheon right next to Edison and Ford. More than anyone else of his time, he made products that were completely innovative, combining the power of poetry and processors. With a ferocity that could make working with him as unsettling as it was inspiring, he also built the world's most creative company. And he was able to infuse into its DNA the design sensibilities, perfectionism, and imagination that make it likely to be, even decades from now, the company that thrives best at the intersection of artistry and technology.”


“In School of One, students have daily "playlists" of their learning tasks that are attuned to each student's learning needs, based on that student's readiness and learning style. For example, Julia is way ahead of grade level in math and learns best in small groups, so her playlist might include three or four videos matched to her aptitude level, a thirty-minute one-on-one tutoring session with her teacher, and a small group activity in which she works on a math puzzle with three peers at similar aptitude levels. There are assessments built into each activity so that data can be fed back to the teacher to choose appropriate tasks for the next playlist.”


“I'm trying to ruin it!" Will had bellowed back. "So I can figure out how to do it perfectly! How can you learn anything if you won't take risks?”


“Innovation and disruption are ideas that originated in the arena of business but which have since been applied to arenas whose values and goals are remote from the values and goals of business. People aren’t disk drives. Public schools, colleges and universities, churches, museums, and many hospitals, all of which have been subjected to disruptive innovation, have revenues and expenses and infrastructures, but they aren’t industries in the same way that manufacturers of hard-disk drives or truck engines or drygoods are industries. Journalism isn’t an industry in that sense, either.
Doctors have obligations to their patients, teachers to their students, pastors to their congregations, curators to the public, and journalists to their readers--obligations that lie outside the realm of earnings, and are fundamentally different from the obligations that a business executive has to employees, partners, and investors. Historically, institutions like museums, hospitals, schools, and universities have been supported by patronage, donations made by individuals or funding from church or state. The press has generally supported itself by charging subscribers and selling advertising. (Underwriting by corporations and foundations is a funding source of more recent vintage.) Charging for admission, membership, subscriptions and, for some, earning profits are similarities these institutions have with businesses. Still, that doesn’t make them industries, which turn things into commodities and sell them for gain.”

“Your habit of avoiding mental and emotional discomfort is your #1 reason for your being stuck where you are in life.”

“Improvement is not enough, you also needs innovation.”

“Before you get bored of yourself try creativity in your life.”

“IF we don't start to rethink how we are acting now...We will pay the price later for our "old-stinking-thinking" style”

“I don't like museums, I like labs.”

“If necessity is the mother of invention, then surely greed must be the father. Children of this odd couple are named: Laziness, Envy, Greed, Jr., Gluttony, Lust, Anger and Pride.”

“An entrepreneur is a leader of excellence, trailblazer and pioneer who constantly brings change to their generation.”

“The real problem is that most people fear failure, and thus take no action. They really they should be fearful of their thoughts that cause their failure to take action!”

“That men, who might have tower'd in the van
Of all the congregated world, to fan
And winnow from the coming step of time
All chaff of custom, wipe away all slime
Left by men-slugs and human serpentry,
Have been content to let occasion die,
Whilst they did sleep in love's Elysium.”



“The hard part of ReThinking, is most people don't usually do much normal REAL thinking anyway. They live their lives on automatic reaction.”

“It takes courage to violate expectations, but sometimes the reward is a new level of success.”


“Collaboration is key, it takes innovation and creativity to the next room.”

“Every organisation, not just business, needs 1 core competence: Tactical execution”

“The life of a writer is directed by a mad impulsive muse, that can tell them to cancel all their storyline: a creative divergent devil.”

“Wars are times of intense technological transformation, because societies invest – sometimes with extensive borrowing – when and where matters of life and death are at stake.”


“When rate of problems is greater than rate of solutions, only radical changes can make the difference.”

“Arts without a spiritual relative is like frying buns with water.”

“WHY has no value, if you cannot rethink resourcefulness in a limited context.”

“An Appreciative inquiry Conversation is the catalyst for strengths based innovation.”

“Strategy has no value if your culture and leadership mindset are wrong”

“Life of scarcity teaches creativity.”

“The future is not a result of choices among alternative paths offered by the present, but a place that is created - created first in the mind and will, created next in activity.”

“Honor the old but allow for innovation.”


“Your dreams can change the environment which was not conducive for it at first! However it is a good initiative for the dreams that would change one society to be nursed in another environment, before being transplanted to strive in its original environment for the change process to begin!”


“With age brings wisdom; with youth brings innovation. Combine the two and they are unstoppable.”

“The only hope for social networking sites from a business point of view is for a magic formula to appear in which some method of violating privacy and dignity becomes acceptable.”


“Linux is a superbly polished copy of an antique - shinier than the original, perhaps, but still defined by it.”


“I woke up in morning and saw, world has moved on”


“Freedom, inefficiency, and prosperity are not in it frequently found together, and it is seldom easy to distinguish between the first two.”

“Like time-management, change-management, doesn't really exist antmore... . Today's most valuable mindset must include the SWIFTA framework the be a change-driver.”

“I think if you study--if you learn too much of what others have done, you may tend to take the same direction as everybody else.”



“I like to think of innovation as upgrading your current self. This upgrade helps you to more effectively deal with changes happening around you and to be able to think in a more complex manner than before.”

“When your ideas shatter established thought, expect blowback.”

“I'm convinced that the best solutions are often the ones that are counterintuitive - that challenge conventional thinking - and end in breakthroughs. It is always easier to do things the same old way...why change? To fight this, keep your dissatisfaction index high and break with tradition. Don't be too quick to accept the way things are being done. Question whether there's a better way. Very often you will find that once you make this break from the usual way - and incidentally, this is probably the hardest thing to do—and start on a new track your horizon of new thoughts immediately broadens. New ideas flow in like water. Always keep your interests broad - don't let your mind be stunted by a limited view.”

“It necessarily follows that chance alone is at the source of every innovation, and of all creation in the biosphere. Pure chance, absolutely free but blind, at the very root of the stupendous edifice of evolution: this central concept of modern biology is no longer one among many other possible or even conceivable hypotheses. It is today the sole conceivable hypothesis, the only one that squares with observed and tested fact. And nothing warrants the supposition - or the hope - that on this score our position is ever likely to be revised. There is no scientific concept, in any of the sciences, more destructive of anthropocentrism than this one.”


“Breakthrough innovation occurs when we bring down boundaries and encourage disciplines to learn from each other”


“Widespread commercial distribution of ice was so new that 300 tons of the precious commodity melted at one port while customs officials tried to figure out how to classify it.”


“Entrepreneurship is when an individual retrieves a red hot idea from the creativity furnace without the constraint of the heat of lean resources, and with each persistent blow of the innovation hammer shapes the still malleable idea against the anvil of passion, vision, insight, strategy, and principles to forge a fitting vessel of a creative concern.”


“There isn't anything you can't make run a little better, a little faster, a little smoother, if you take the time to analyse it and component-split the processes.”


“When he was turning thirty, Jobs had used a metaphor about record albums. He was musing about why folks over thirty develop rigid thought patterns and tend to be less innovative. " People get stuck in those patterns, just like grooves in a record, and they never get out of them, " he said. At age forty-five, Jobs was now about to get out of his groove.”


“Anyone who says failure is not an option has also ruled out innovation.”

“You were saved not by work, but for work. Do it till all is done. By your Inventions, Innovations, Initiatives, Improvements, Involvements, Imaginations, Information, Interventions and Inspirations... Go the extra mile and dare to do it.”

“For you to make your creative work creative, you must seek creativity from the creator.”

“We kind of missed the boat on that," he recalled. " So we needed to catch up real fast." The mark of an innovative company is not only that it comes up with new ideas first, but also that it knows how to leapfrog when it find itself behind.”


“One of Job's business rules was to never be afraid of cannibalizing yourself. " If you don't cannibalize yourself, someone else will," he said. So even though an Iphone might cannibalize sales of an IPod, or an IPad might cannibalize sales of a laptop, that did not deter him.”


“Power as a beneficial tool for aspiring achievers is primarily made up into four folds;
1. Power to control emotions,
2. Power to make right decisions,
3. Power to stand against depression,
4. Power to excel in innovations.”

“Steve and I spent a lot of time on the packaging," said Ive. " I love the process of unpacking something. You design a ritual of unpacking to make the product feel special. Packaging can be theater, it can create a story.”


“Your money habits and investment strategy is not all about what you do, but much about who you are. Become the person it takes to do, succeed, and innovate.”


“The willingness to be a champion for stupid ideas is the key to greater creativity, innovation, fulfillment, inspiration, motivation and success.”


“Edwin Land of Polaroid talked about the intersection of the humanities and science. I like that intersection. There's something magical about that place. There are a lot of people innovating, and that's not the main distinction of my career. The reason Apple resonates with people is that there's a deep current of humanity in our innovation. I think great artists and great engineers are similar in that they both have a desire to express themselves. In fact some of the best people working on the original Mac were poets and musicians on the side. In the seventies computers became a way for people to express their creativity. Great artists like Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were also great art science. Michelangelo knew a lot about how to quarry stone, not just how to be a sculptor.”


“Might one not say that in the chance combination of nature's production, since only those endowed with certain relations of suitability could survive, it is no cause for wonder that this suitability is found in all species that exist today? Chance, one might say, produced an innumerable multitude of individuals; a small number turned out to be constructed in such fashion that the parts of the animal could satisfy its needs; in another, infinitely greater number, there was neither suitability nor order: all of the later have perished; animals without a mouth could not live, others lacking organs for reproduction could not perpetuate themselves: the only ones to have remained are those in which were found order and suitability; and these species, which we see today, are only the smallest part of what blind fate produced.”

“Innovative solutions to new challenges seldom come from familiar places”


“The “quality revolution” in the latter half of the 20th century has taken us to a point where all products that reach a
supermarket shelf work. The competitive differentiators of the future will be products which are the most innovative, even though they may not be the best”


“The worst question ever asked, is the one which is never asked.”

“Creative minds doesn't get tired.”

“Technology innovation for the sake of innovation is an empty shell if we focus on what people don't need but would buy anyways.”

“And though history sadly doesn't credit the man who first thought of tilting a bicycle's steering axis, it is more likely to be because of feet striking the wheel than an understanding of stability.”


“New capabilities emerge just by virtue of having smart people with access to state-of-the-art technology.”

“I believe Innovation is more likely to emerge from a culture of encouragement.”


“Do not look at mirage and look inside mirror”

“All failure is failure to adapt, all success is successful adaptation.”



“What a feeble thing intelligence is, with its short steps, its waverings, its pacings back and forth, its disastrous retreats! Intelligence is a mere instrument of circumstances. There are people who say that intelligence must have built the universe - why, intelligence never built a steam-engine! Circumstances built a steam-engine. Intelligence is little more than a short foot-rule by which we measure the infinite achievements of Circumstances.”


“To teach that a comparatively few men are responsible for the greatest forward steps of mankind is the worst sort of nonsense.”

“If you continue doing what you have done in the past, you will get what you have received in the past.”

“Men are creatures of invention and are usually determined not to accept no for an answer.”


“The best way to get a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.”

“Following the rules of your industry will only get you so far.”


“Embrace curiosity, be open, playful, and persistent.”


“Retro is a symptom of a generation that is too lazy to innovate.”


“The Rooster Coop was doing its work. Servants have to keep other servants from becoming innovators, experimenters or entrepreneurs. The coop is guarded from the inside.”


“No original thought still exists. People are original, each one of them. The same ideas that others had before you are waiting for you to bring them back to life in a new way. The part of who you are that is left behind within these old ideas is what makes them original all over again.”

“And it is change that always provides the opportunity for the new and different. Systematic innovation therefore consists in the purposeful and organized search for changes, and in the systematic analysis of the opportunities such changes might offer for economic or social innovation.”


“I am billionaire bold bright omnipotent lively determined to go within to win opening my omnific eyes to realize wisdom innovation naturalizes…
My cascading flow of financial love lavishly streams gold bars as I realize gold is intrinsic wealth as my intuitive imagination is my intrinsic innovations…”


“Look for patterns, and then ask why those patterns exist.”


“The innovator's motto is this; I succeed or I learn but I never fail.”

“The innovative leader has to be an arsonist and a firefighter.”


“With a clever strategy, each action is self-reinforcing. Each action creates more options that are mutually beneficial. Each victory is not just for today but for tomorrow.”


“Without death there is little innovation. Extinction - death of a species - is part and parcel of evolutionary change. In the absence of this kind of extinction new developments would not prosper. In our own history, periods when ideas have been perpetuated by dogma, preventing the replacement of old by new ideas, have also been times of stultifying stagnation. The Dark Ages in western society were the most static, least innovative of times. So the fact that trilobites were replaced by batches of successive species through their long history was a testimony to their evolutionary vigour.”


“It is critical to learn how to listen for what is not being said.”


“Strategy and culture should have breakfast together.”


“It's excellence in leadership when everyone wants to manufacture a black shoe and you manufacture a designer black shoe with gold medal on top. Do something new; do something better!”

“There's a huge misconception that innovation is mostly about inventing or coming up with cool new things. More often than not, innovation is about figuring out what people really need or want but can't have or afford.”


“Computers can not dream, they can not visualize – That is your part and that’s how you create, innovate and make difference.”


“Implementing best practice is copying yesterday, innovation is inventing tomorrow.”

“Failure isn't something to be embarassed about; it's just proof that you're pushing your limits, trying new things, daring to innovate.”


“Fail often and fail cheap.”

“Our country is a place where hope can be born and great companies, organizations and non-profits can spring up from an idea birthed on the back of a coffee-shop napkin.”


“We've got to simplify, pull back all these layers of supposed complexity , and get down to the essentials. If we want people to engage with government, we should use the same tools that are getting them engages with companies and institutions in private life. If we want people to care about political issues, we should give them a way to understand and get involved in them.”


“We interrogate the world by making.”

“Tragedy is the driver of innovation, forcing man to move on and overcome the bonds which hold us back through the ever-present fear.”


“Innovation! One cannot be forever innovating. I want to create classics”

“Strategy is not really a solo sport – even if you’re the CEO.”



“Everyone has an idea. But it’s really about executing the idea and attracting other people to help you work on the idea.”

“People need to deviate away from the role of imitation, and start filling the role of innovation...”

“The smart strategist allows strategy to be shaped by events. Good reactions can make great strategy. Strategy involves competition of goals, and the risk is the difference between those goals and the ability of the organization to achieve them. So part of the risk is created by the strategy.”


“If you knew all about it, it wouldn't be the leading edge.”

