“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”

“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,
Sing like there's nobody listening,
And live like it's heaven on earth.”

“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”

“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”



“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”

“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”


“Without music, life would be a mistake.”


“We accept the love we think we deserve.”


“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”

“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”

“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”

“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”


“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”

“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”


“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”

“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...”


“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”

“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”

“Everything you can imagine is real.”

“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.”


“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”

“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”


“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”

“Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”

“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”

“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”

“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”

“So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”


“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.”



“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”


“A person's a person, no matter how small.”


“What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.”


“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”


“He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.”

“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”


“When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.”


“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.”


“Well-behaved women seldom make history.”


“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!”

“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”

“When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.”

“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”

“Peace begins with a smile..”

“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”

“[...]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!”


“Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.”


“For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people.
For a slim figure, share your food with the hungry.
For beautiful hair, let a child run his fingers through it once a day.
For poise, walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone.
...
We leave you a tradition with a future.
The tender loving care of human beings will never become obsolete.
People even more than things have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed and redeemed and redeemed and redeemed.
Never throw out anybody.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you’ll find one at the end of your arm.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Your “good old days” are still ahead of you, may you have many of them.”


“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.”

“Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”

“So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”


“Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.”

“First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win.”

“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”

“Whatever you are, be a good one.”

“Promise Yourself
To be so strong that nothing
can disturb your peace of mind.
To talk health, happiness, and prosperity
to every person you meet.
To make all your friends feel
that there is something in them
To look at the sunny side of everything
and make your optimism come true.
To think only the best, to work only for the best,
and to expect only the best.
To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others
as you are about your own.
To forget the mistakes of the past
and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times
and give every living creature you meet a smile.
To give so much time to the improvement of yourself
that you have no time to criticize others.
To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,
not in loud words but great deeds.
To live in faith that the whole world is on your side
so long as you are true to the best that is in you.”


“Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.”


“I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.”


“I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.”


“May you live every day of your life.”

“You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.”



“Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?”

“Always do what you are afraid to do.”

“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.”

“When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”

“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.”


“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”


“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”

“Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul
And sings the tune without the words
And never stops at all.”

“Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.”


“In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.”

“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.”

“It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.”


“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.”


“The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..”


“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")”


“If you're reading this...
Congratulations, you're alive.
If that's not something to smile about,
then I don't know what is.”


“Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.”


“He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.”


“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.”

“Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.”

“If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.”

“I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.”

“When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”


“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”


“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”

“And, in the end
The love you take
is equal to the love you make.”


“What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.”


“I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?”

“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”



“Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.”

“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”


“I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.”

“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”

“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.”


“None but ourselves can free our minds.”

“We’re all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you’ve been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there’s no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn’t until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems—the ones that make you truly who you are—that we’re ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you’re looking for. You’re looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person—someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, “This is the problem I want to have.”
I will find that special person who is wrong for me in just the right way.”


“I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.”

“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”

“Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.”

“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”

“War is peace.
Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.”


“A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”

“It's kind of fun to do the impossible.”

“When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.”

“It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.”

“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.”

“If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.”


“A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.”

“The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.”

“Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.”


“I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.”

“Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.”


“I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.”


“The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.”

“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”

“The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.”

“Simplicity, patience, compassion.
These three are your greatest treasures.
Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.
Patient with both friends and enemies,
you accord with the way things are.
Compassionate toward yourself,
you reconcile all beings in the world.”


“Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”

“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.”



“You're off to Great Places!
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting,
So... get on your way!”


“Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.”


“You never fail until you stop trying.”

“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”


“Hope
Smiles from the threshold of the year to come,
Whispering 'it will be happier'...”

“One love, one heart, one destiny.”

“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”

“It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.”


“To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.”

“Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.”

“Dare to Be
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.
When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.
When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.
When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.
When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.
When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.
When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.
When times are tough, dare to be tougher.
When love hurts you, dare to love again.
When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.
When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.
When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.
When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.
When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.
When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.
Dare to be the best you can –
At all times, Dare to be!”


“You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”


“Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.”

“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”


“To see a World in a Grain of Sand
And a Heaven in a Wild Flower,
Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand
And Eternity in an hour.”


“Well, now
If little by little you stop loving me
I shall stop loving you
Little by little
If suddenly you forget me
Do not look for me
For I shall already have forgotten you
If you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my life
And you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have roots
Remember
That on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my arms
And my roots will set off to seek another land”


“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”

“Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.”


“The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.”


“If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.”


“Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.”


“Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.”


“You is kind. You is smart. You is important.”


“Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.”

“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”

“Better to be strong than pretty and useless.”


“It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing.
It doesn't interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool for love, for your dream, for the adventure of being alive.
It doesn't interest me what planets are squaring your moon. I want to know if you have touched the center of your own sorrow, if you have been opened by life's betrayals or have become shriveled and closed from fear of further pain!I want to know if you can sit with pain, mine or your own, without moving to hide it or fade it, or fix it.
I want to know if you can be with joy, mine or your own, if you can dance with wildness and let the ecstasy fill you to the tips of your fingers and toes without cautioning us to be careful, to be realistic, to remember the limitations of being human.
It doesn't interest me if the story you are telling me is true. I want to know if you can disappoint another to be true to yourself; if you can bear the accusation of betrayal and not betray your own soul; if you can be faithlessand therefore trustworthy.
I want to know if you can see beauty even when it's not pretty, every day,and if you can source your own life from its presence.
I want to know if you can live with failure, yours and mine, and still stand on the edge of the lake and shout to the silver of the full moon, “Yes!”
It doesn't interest me to know where you live or how much money you have. I want to know if you can get up, after the night of grief and despair, weary and bruised to the bone, and do what needs to be done to feed the children.
It doesn't interest me who you know or how you came to be here. I want to know if you will stand in the center of the fire with me and not shrink back.
It doesn't interest me where or what or with whom you have studied. I want to know what sustains you, from the inside, when all else falls away.
I want to know if you can be alone with yourself and if you truly like the company you keep in the empty moments.”

“The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That's the only lasting thing you can create.”


“It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.”


“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”

“Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.”

“If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?”

“‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.”

“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”

“The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.”

“You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.”



“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”

“A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.”

“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”


“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”

“People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.”


“Try a little harder to be a little better.”

“What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?”

“Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.”


“And in the end it is not the years in your life that count, it's the life in your years.”

“Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.”


“Happiness [is] only real when shared”


“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”

“When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.”

“Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.”


“The past has no power over the present moment.”

“There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.”

“I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!”


“May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.”

“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”

“There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.”


“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”


“There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.”

“If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.”

“What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...”



“When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.”


“No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.”


“If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.”


“Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.”

“In the end
these things matter most:
How well did you love?
How fully did you live?
How deeply did you let go?”

“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”

“What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?”

“When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.”

“Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.”


“All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.”


“I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”


“Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.”

“Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.”

“She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood.
She only looked away for a moment, and the mask slipped, and you fell. All your tomorrows start here.”


“It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.”

“The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.”

“I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.”


“Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.”


“I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.”

“please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”


“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”

“My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.”

“Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.”

“A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.”

“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”

“What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.”


“Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.”

“Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.”


“The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”


“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.”

“Tears are words that need to be written.”

“The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.”



“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”


“So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.”


“Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.”

“When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.”


“Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.”

“I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.”


“مش مهم انك تغير الكون... المهم انك تخلي الكون ما يغيركش”

“Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.”

“We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence.
Thou shalt not
is soon forgotten, but
Once upon a time
lasts forever.”

“Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.”


“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”


“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”


“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”

“. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.”


“I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”


“Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. ”


“However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?”

“I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.”


“Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.
Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!”


“The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.”


“Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!”

“I’ve known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don’t ask quarters.”

“I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.”

“Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.”

“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”

“Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.”

“There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.”

“Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”



“If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: "It's gonna go wrong." Or "She's going to hurt me." Or,"I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore . . ." Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.”

“We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.”


“The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.”


“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”


“I am a part of all that I have met.”


“It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.”

“To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,
To the last syllable of recorded time;
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more. It is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing.”


“All thinking men are atheists.”


“I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.”

“Atticus, he was real nice."
"Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.”


“Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.”

“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”


“If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.”

“Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.”

“Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.”

“I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.”


“If you want to be happy, be.”

“Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation."
"I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.”


“My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.”

“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”

“No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.”

“I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.”

“No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.”

“The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention.”


“Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.”

“Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.”

“It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.”


“We're so self-important. So arrogant. Everybody's going to save something now. Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save the snails. And the supreme arrogance? Save the planet! Are these people kidding? Save the planet? We don't even know how to take care of ourselves; we haven't learned how to care for one another. We're gonna save the fuckin' planet? . . . And, by the way, there's nothing wrong with the planet in the first place. The planet is fine. The people are fucked! Compared with the people, the planet is doin' great. It's been here over four billion years . . . The planet isn't goin' anywhere, folks. We are! We're goin' away. Pack your shit, we're goin' away. And we won't leave much of a trace. Thank God for that. Nothing left. Maybe a little Styrofoam. The planet will be here, and we'll be gone. Another failed mutation; another closed-end biological mistake.”

“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.”

“If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.”

“A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.”



“If I should have a daughter…“Instead of “Mom”, she’s gonna call me “Point B.” Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say “Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.”
She’s gonna learn that this life will hit you, hard, in the face, wait for you to get back up so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air. There is hurt, here, that cannot be fixed by band-aids or poetry, so the first time she realizes that Wonder-woman isn’t coming, I’ll make sure she knows she doesn’t have to wear the cape all by herself. Because no matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will always be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal. Believe me, I’ve tried.
And “Baby,” I’ll tell her “don’t keep your nose up in the air like that, I know that trick, you’re just smelling for smoke so you can follow the trail back to a burning house so you can find the boy who lost everything in the fire to see if you can save him. Or else, find the boy who lit the fire in the first place to see if you can change him.”
But I know that she will anyway, so instead I’ll always keep an extra supply of chocolate and rain boats nearby, ‘cause there is no heartbreak that chocolate can’t fix. Okay, there’s a few heartbreaks chocolate can’t fix. But that’s what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything if you let it.
I want her to see the world through the underside of a glass bottom boat, to look through a magnifying glass at the galaxies that exist on the pin point of a human mind. Because that’s how my mom taught me. That there’ll be days like this, “There’ll be days like this my momma said” when you open your hands to catch and wind up with only blisters and bruises. When you step out of the phone booth and try to fly and the very people you wanna save are the ones standing on your cape. When your boots will fill with rain and you’ll be up to your knees in disappointment and those are the very days you have all the more reason to say “thank you,” ‘cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away.
You will put the “wind” in win some lose some, you will put the “star” in starting over and over, and no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute be sure your mind lands on the beauty of this funny place called life.
And yes, on a scale from one to over-trusting I am pretty damn naive but I want her to know that this world is made out of sugar. It can crumble so easily but don’t be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.
“Baby,” I’ll tell her “remember your mama is a worrier but your papa is a warrior and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes who never stops asking for more.”
Remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things and always apologize when you’ve done something wrong but don’t you ever apologize for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining.
Your voice is small but don’t ever stop singing and when they finally hand you heartbreak, slip hatred and war under your doorstep and hand you hand-outs on street corners of cynicism and defeat, you tell them that they really ought to meet your mother.”

“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”

“You might as well answer the door, my child,
the truth is furiously knocking.”


“Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.”

“We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.”


“Just because you can doesn't mean you should.”

“If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.”

“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.”

“Ladies and gentlemen of the class of '97:
Wear sunscreen.
If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it. The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by scientists, whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience. I will dispense this advice now.
Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth. Oh, never mind. You will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they've faded. But trust me, in 20 years, you'll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can't grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine.
Don't worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind, the kind that blindside you at 4 p.m. on some idle Tuesday.”

“Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.”


“Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.”

“True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.”


“why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out”

“there is a place in the heart that
will never be filled
a space
and even during the
best moments
and
the greatest times
times
we will know it
we will know it
more than
ever
there is a place in the heart that
will never be filled
and
we will wait
and
wait
in that space.”

“The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.”

“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.”

“To love and win is the best thing.
To love and lose, the next best.”

“I am not a teacher, but an awakener.”

“The heart is the toughest part of the body.
Tenderness is in the hands.”


“Because paper has more patience than people. ”

“Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.”

“Don't let the bastards grind you down.”


“Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.”

“A fight is going on inside me," said an old man to his son. "It is a terrible fight between two wolves. One wolf is evil. He is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other wolf is good. he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside you."
The son thought about it for a minute and then asked, "Which wolf will win?"
The old man replied simply, "The one you feed.”


“Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry...have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.”


“I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.”

“Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway,
that's
brave.”


“All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon.... If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.”

“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”

“Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.”

“Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.”



“Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.”


“We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.”

“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”


“Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".”


“Not being heard is no reason for silence.”


“Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.”

“Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart.”


“Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars”


“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.”

“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”


“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”


“There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”


“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.”

“Life sucks, and then you die...”


“I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.”

“In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.”

“The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.”


“There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.
There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.
You feel it, don't you?”

“Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.”

“Above all else, guard your heart for it affects everything else you do.”


“You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down”

“You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.”


“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are”

“You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.”

“The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.”

“No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.”

“Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. Never surrender.”

“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”



“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”

“Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”

“He that can have patience can have what he will.”

“Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.”


“Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.”


“Aim higher in case you fall short.”


“The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.”

“The damage was permanent; there would always be scars. But even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been.”

“One Choice
One Choice, decided your friends.
One Choice, defines your beliefs.
One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever.
ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU”


“A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned”

“I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.”


“أريد لحظة انفعال...لحظة حب...لحظة دهشة..لحظة اكتشاف...لحظة معرفة...أريد لحظة تجعل لحياتى معنى..إن حياتى من أجل أكل العيش لا معنى لها لأنها مجرد إستمرار ”


“Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.”


“The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.”


“Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can.”

“Dumbledore will only leave from Hogwarts when there are none loyal to him!”


“I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”

“Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.”

“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”

“You're beautiful, but you're empty...One couldn't die for you. Of course, an ordinary passerby would think my rose looked just like you. But my rose, all on her own, is more important than all of you together, since she's the one I've watered. Since she's the one I put under glass, since she's the one I sheltered behind the screen. Since she's the one for whom I killed the caterpillars (except the two or three butterflies). Since she's the one I listened to when she complained, or when she boasted, or even sometimes when she said nothing at all. Since she's my rose.”


“If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.”

“There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.”


“We meet no ordinary people in our lives.”

“Make the most of yourself....for that is all there is of you.”

“Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.”


“Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.”

“We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.”


“Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together.”

“There are two ways to reach me: by way of kisses or by way of the imagination. But there is a hierarchy: the kisses alone don't work.”


“In the end you should always do the right thing even if it's hard.”



“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”

“If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise
If you can dream - and not make dreams your master;
If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,
And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,
If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds' worth of distance run,
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,
And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!”


“Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”

“If your feet are firmly planted on the ground you'll never be able to dance.”


“For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”


“Believe you can and you're halfway there.”

“The best things in life make you sweaty.”

“Just be yourself, there is no one better.”

“I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.”

“I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing
than teach ten thousand stars how not to dance”

“Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.”

“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”


“Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos… to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.”

“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.”

“If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.”


“It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.”

“What are you going to do with your life?" In one way or another it seemed that people had been asking her this forever; teachers, her parents, friends at three in the morning, but the question had never seemed this pressing and still she was no nearer an answer... "Live each day as if it's your last', that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to be good and courageous and bold and to make difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever get the chance.”


“Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.”

“It's okay,” he said. “We're together.” He didn't say
you're okay
, or
we're alive
. After all they'd been through over the last year, he knew that the most important thing was that they were together. She loved him for saying that.”


“My heart is warm with the friends I make,
And better friends I'll not be knowing,
Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take,
No matter where it's going.”


“I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.”

“What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who interests his heart in everything.”

“There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.”

“Be empty of worrying.
Think of who created thought!
Why do you stay in prison
When the door is so wide open?”


“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”


“Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence. As far as possible without surrender, be on good terms with all persons. Speak your truth quietly and clearly, and listen to others, even the dull and ignorant; they too have their story. Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love – for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass. Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth. Nurture strength of spirit to shield you from misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness. Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labours and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul. With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world.”


“I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, but the faith and the love are all in the waiting. Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought: So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.”

“I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”


“I may not always be with you
But when we're far apart
Remember you will be with me
Right inside my heart”


“God allows us to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons that we could learn in no other way.”

“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”

“People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses in one garden... yet they don't find what they're looking for...
They don't find it," I answered.
And yet what they're looking for could be found in a single rose, or a little water..."
Of course," I answered.
And the little prince added, "But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.”



“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”

“Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.”

“Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.”

“Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”

“I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21”

“We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.”


“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”

“A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.”


“But if I'm it, the last of my kind, the last page of human history, like hell I'm going to let the story end this way. I may be the last one, but I am the one still standing. I am the one turning to face the faceless hunter in the woods on an abandoned highway. I am the one not running but facing. Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity. And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield.”


“I dreamed I spoke in another's language,
I dreamed I lived in another's skin,
I dreamed I was my own beloved,
I dreamed I was a tiger's kin.
I dreamed that Eden lived inside me,
And when I breathed a garden came,
I dreamed I knew all of Creation,
I dreamed I knew the Creator's name.
I dreamed--and this dream was the finest--
That all I dreamed was real and true,
And we would live in joy forever,
You in me, and me in you.”


“Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy—the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.”

“What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.”


“Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.”

“I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.”

“Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.”

“Travel far enough, you meet yourself.”


“You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!”

“Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.”

“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”


“The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.”

“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined.”

“There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.”

“Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.”


“الإكتشاف ليس أن تجد أرضاً جديدة .. وإنما أن ترى بعيون جديدة”

“A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”


“Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.”


“There is a way to be good again...”


“Without fear there cannot be courage.”

“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.”

“What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.”



“For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.”

“Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other”

“Getting something and having the wits to use it...those are two different things.”


“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”


“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”


“Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.”

“Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.”

“Equality is not a concept. It's not something we should be striving for. It's a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women, and the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who's confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now.”

“What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.”

“Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you...it means that you do not treat your body as a commodity with which to purchase superficial intimacy or economic security; for our bodies to be treated as objects, our minds are in mortal danger. It means insisting that those to whom you give your friendship and love are able to respect your mind. It means being able to say, with Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre: "I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all the extraneous delights should be withheld or offered only at a price I cannot afford to give.
Responsibility to yourself means that you don't fall for shallow and easy solutions--predigested books and ideas...marrying early as an escape from real decisions, getting pregnant as an evasion of already existing problems. It means that you refuse to sell your talents and aspirations short...and this, in turn, means resisting the forces in society which say that women should be nice, play safe, have low professional expectations, drown in love and forget about work, live through others, and stay in the places assigned to us. It means that we insist on a life of meaningful work, insist that work be as meaningful as love and friendship in our lives. It means, therefore, the courage to be "different"...The difference between a life lived actively, and a life of passive drifting and dispersal of energies, is an immense difference. Once we begin to feel committed to our lives, responsible to ourselves, we can never again be satisfied with the old, passive way.”

“I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.”

“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”


“After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.”


“If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.”

“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.”

“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”

“Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.”

“The love that moves the sun and the other stars.”

“With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
it is still a beautiful world.
Be cheerful.
Strive to be happy.”


“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.”

“Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.”


“My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.”


“We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.”


“We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.”

“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”


“Get Off The Scale!
You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance.
Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life.
It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”


“Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.”

“Those who do not weep, do not see.”



“We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?”


“I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.”

“It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.”

“The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.”


“Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.”

“She was free in her wildness. She was a wanderess, a drop of free water. She belonged to no man and to no city”


“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”


“If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.”

“Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.”

“No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.”

“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...”


“But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!”


“If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.”

“The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.”

“If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.”


“I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned.
Adult. You have become adult.”


“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”


“If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.”

“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.”

“No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.”


“People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.”

“Fake it 'till you make it.”


“Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.”

“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”

“A goal without a plan is just a wish.”

“I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.”

“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”


“Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.”

“The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for them.”


“And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.”



“Never dull your shine for somebody else.”

“When each day is the same as the next, it’s because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.”


“I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.”


“A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.”


“Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.”


“But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.”


“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”


“Go into yourself. Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depths of your heart; confess to yourself whether you would have to die if you were forbidden to write.
This most of all: ask yourself in the most silent hour of your night: must I write? Dig into yourself for a deep answer. And if this answer rings out in assent, if you meet this solemn question with a strong, simple “I must,” then build your life in accordance with this necessity; your whole life, even into its humblest and most indifferent hour, must become a sign and witness to this impulse. Then come close to Nature. Then, as if no one had ever tried before, try to say what you see and feel and love and lose...
...Describe your sorrows and desires, the thoughts that pass through your mind and your belief in some kind of beauty - describe all these with heartfelt, silent, humble sincerity and, when you express yourself, use the Things around you, the images from your dreams, and the objects that you remember. If your everyday life seems poor, don’t blame it; blame yourself; admit to yourself that you are not enough of a poet to call forth its riches; because for the creator there is not poverty and no poor, indifferent place. And even if you found yourself in some prison, whose walls let in none of the world’s sounds – wouldn’t you still have your childhood, that jewel beyond all price, that treasure house of memories? Turn your attentions to it. Try to raise up the sunken feelings of this enormous past; your personality will grow stronger, your solitude will expand and become a place where you can live in the twilight, where the noise of other people passes by, far in the distance. - And if out of this turning-within, out of this immersion in your own world, poems come, then you will not think of asking anyone whether they are good or not. Nor will you try to interest magazines in these works: for you will see them as your dear natural possession, a piece of your life, a voice from it. A work of art is good if it has arisen out of necessity. That is the only way one can judge it.”

“The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.”

“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”

“All The Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas
Layin' In The Sun,
Talkin' 'Bout The Things
They Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done...
But All Those Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas
All Ran Away And Hid
From One Little Did.”

“You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.”


“We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”

“I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.”

“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”


“Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.”

“I sustain myself with the love of family.”

“If you dont have any shadows you're not in the light”

“Be melting snow.
Wash yourself of yourself.”


“Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.”

“You buy furniture. You tell yourself, this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life. Buy the sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled. Then the right set of dishes. Then the perfect bed. The drapes. The rug. Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you.”


“Behind every trial and sorrow that He makes us shoulder, God has a reason.”


“Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.”


“No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.”

“The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.”

“A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.”

“All I can be is me- whoever that is. ”

“Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.”

“Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!”


“In friendship...we think we have chosen our peers. In reality a few years' difference in the dates of our births, a few more miles between certain houses, the choice of one university instead of another...the accident of a topic being raised or not raised at a first meeting--any of these chances might have kept us apart. But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking no chances. A secret master of ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends, "Ye have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The friendship is not a reward for our discriminating and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each of us the beauties of others.”



“Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.”

“In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.”


“عجيبة هي الحياة بمنطقها المعاكس. أنت تركض خلف الأشياء لاهثاً، فتهرب الأشياء منك. وما تكاد تجلس وتقنع نفسك بأنها لا تستحق كل هذا الركض، حتى تأتيك هي لاهثة. وعندها لا تدري أيجب أن تدير لها ظهرك أم تفتح لها ذراعيك، وتتلقى هذه الهبة التي رمتها السماء إليك، والتي قد تكون فيها سعادتك، أو هلاكك؟”

“Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.”


“Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.”

“Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.”

“You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.”


“Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you can. As long as ever you can.”

“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”


“Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. I've seen it. It's fascinating." He releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. "Sometimes I just...want to see it again. Want to see you awake.”


“I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now...Come further up, come further in!”


“Shallow men believe in luck or in circumstance. Strong men believe in cause and effect.”

“To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?"
[
To the Women of India
(
Young India
, Oct. 4, 1930)]”

“ما تبحث عنه يبحث عنك”

“Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.”


“It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.”


“I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.”

“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”

“Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.”

“In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”


“People say that eyes are windows to the soul.”


“But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.”


“الخيال.. هو ليل الحياة الجميل
هو حصننا وملاذنا من قسوة النهار الطويل
!إن عالم “الواقع” لا يكفى وحده لحياة البشر
إنه أضيق من أن يتسع لحياة إنسانية كاملة”


“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.”

“The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's.”

“Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don’t rent them out to tomorrow. Do you know what you’re doing when you spend a moment wondering how things are going to turn out with Perry?
You’re cheating yourself out of today. Today is calling to you, trying to get your attention, but you’re stuck on tomorrow, and today trickles away like water down a drain. You wake up the next morning and that today you wasted is gone forever. It’s now yesterday. Some of those moments may have had wonderful things in store for you , but now you’ll never know.”


“Bitch (noun): A woman who won't bang her head against the wall obsessing over someone else's opinion - be it a man or anyone else in her life. She understands that if someone does not approve of her, it's just one person's opinion; therefore, it's of no real importance. She doesn't try to live up to anyone else's standards - only her own. Because of this, she relates to a man very differently.”


“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”

“Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.”


“I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”

“I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. ”

“Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.”

“We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.”

“Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.”



“I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.”

“To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.”

“As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.”

“I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.”


“I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.”


“If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.”

“Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.”


“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.”

“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”


“Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.”

“There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.”

“Life before Death.
Strength before Weakness.
Journey before Destination.”


“Our life is what our thoughts make it.”


“You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true.”


“For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror
which we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,
because it serenely disdains to destroy us.
Every angel is terrible.”


“How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.”


“When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.”

“He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.”

“Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.”


“Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.”

“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others”


“We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.”


“This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”

“Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.”

“You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.”


“The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.”

“The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.”

“It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”

“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.”

“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.”

“Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.”

“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse.
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring
. I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”



“It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.”


“Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.”

“Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has no other discipline to impose, if we would but realize it, than to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to, everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such”

“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”

“I just hope I remember to tell my kids that they are as happy as I look in my old photographs. And I hope that they believe me.”


“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”

“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”


“The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.”

“You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.”

“If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.”


“When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”


“The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.”


“You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination.”

“See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it”


“Why Not You?
Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you?
Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you?
Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you?
Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you?
Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you?
Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you?
Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you?
Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you?
Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you?
Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you?
Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you?
Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you?
Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you?
Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you?
Today is a new day!
Many will seize this day.
Many will live it to the fullest.
Why not you?”


“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”


“Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.”

“The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.”


“My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.”


“Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.”


“When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.”

“The tears of the world are a constant quantity. For each one who begins to weep somewhere else another stops. The same is true of the laugh.”


“I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.”

“We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.”

“Seindah apa pun huruf terukir, dapatkah ia bermakna apabila tak ada jeda? Dapatkan ia dimengerti jika tak ada spasi? Bukankah kita baru bisa bergerak jika ada jarak? Dan saling menyayang bila ada ruang?”



“I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself.”

“Art is the proper task of life. ”

“To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”

“We are the music-makers,
And we are the dreamers of dreams,
Wandering by lone sea-breakers,
And sitting by desolate streams.
World-losers and world-forsakers,
Upon whom the pale moon gleams;
Yet we are the movers and shakers,
Of the world forever, it seems.”


“There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in. And definitely get out of high school and make everyone sorry.”

“Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.”

“A Woman in harmony with her spirit
is like a river flowing.
She goes where she will without pretense and arrives at her destination
prepared to be herself
and only herself ”

“Things do not change; we change.”


“You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.”

“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”


“Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.”

“If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.”

“Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...”

“The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we’d like to be. And that sucks. But when you’re confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.”

“the time is always right to do the right thing”

“Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.”


“Down on the lake rosy reflections of celestial vapor appeared, and I said, "God, I love you" and looked to the sky and really meant it. "I have fallen in love with you, God. Take care of us all, one way or the other." To the children and the innocent it's all the same.”


“People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.”


“The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You.
Therefore, If You Would Understand Him, Listen Not To What He Says, But Rather To What He Does Not Say.”

“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”

“We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.”

“No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!”

“Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.”

“I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.”

“I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.”

“I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings.”

“Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always”

“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.”

“You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.”



“Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.”


“That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.”

“Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”

“Well done is better than well said.”

“When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.”

“I’m bored’ is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say ‘I’m bored.”

“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”

“It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.”

“Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.”

“The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.”

“Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.”

“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”


“The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.”

“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...”

“Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.”


“It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun”


“Go placidly amid the noise and the haste,
and remember what peace there may be in silence.
As far as possible, without surrender,
be on good terms with all persons.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly, and listen to others,
even to the dull and ignorant;
they too have their story.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons;
they are vexatious to the spirit.
If you compare yourself with others,
you may become vain or bitter,
for always there will be
greater and lesser persons than yourself.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Keep interested in your own career
however humble;
it is a real possession in the
changing fortunes of time.
Exercise caution in your business affairs,
for the world is full of trickery.
But let this not blind you
to what virtue there is;
many persons strive for high ideals,
and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Be yourself.
Especially do not feign affection.
Neither be cynical about love,
for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment,
it is as perennial as the grass.
Take kindly the counsel of the years,
gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Nurture strength of spirit
to shield you in sudden misfortune.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Beyond a wholesome discipline,
be gentle with yourself.
You are a child of the universe
no less than the trees and the stars;
you have a right to be here.
And whether or not it is clear to you,
no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Therefore, be at peace with God,
whatever you conceive Him to be.
And whatever your labors and aspirations,
in the noisy confusion of life,
keep peace in your soul.
With all its sham,
drudgery, and broken dreams,
it is still a beautiful world.
Be cheerful.
Strive to be happy.”


“The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came.”

“Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.”

“Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.”

“Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.”


“If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.”


“Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.”


“The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.”


“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”

“I disregard the proportions, the measures, the tempo of the ordinary world. I refuse to live in the ordinary world as ordinary women. To enter ordinary relationships. I want ecstasy. I am a neurotic — in the sense that I live in my world. I will not adjust myself to the world. I am adjusted to myself.”


“All great achievements require time.”

“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”

“Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.”

“There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”



“Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.”

“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.”

“Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.”


“So tonight I reach for my journal again. This is the first time I’ve done this since I came to Italy. What I write in my journal is that I am weak and full of fear. I explain that Depression and Loneliness have shown up, and I’m scared they will never leave. I say that I don’t want to take the drugs anymore, but I’m frightened I will have to. I am terrified that I will never really pull my life together.
In response, somewhere from within me, rises a now-familiar presence, offering me all the certainties I have always wished another person would say to me when I was troubled. This is what I find myself writing on the page:
I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long. I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and Braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.
Tonight, this strange interior gesture of friendship—the lending of a hand from
me to myself when nobody else is around to offer solace—reminds me of something that happened to me once in New York City. I walked into an office building one afternoon in a hurry, dashed into the waiting elevator. As I rushed in, I caught an unexpected glance of myself in a security mirror’s reflection. In that moment, my brain did an odd thing—it fired off this split-second message: “Hey! You know her! That’s a friend of yours!” And I actually ran forward toward my own reflection with a smile, ready to welcome that girl whose name I had lost but whose face was so familiar. In a flash instant of course, I realized my mistake and laughed in embarrassment at my almost doglike confusion over how a mirror works. But for some reason that incident comes to mind again tonight during my sadness in Rome, and I find myself writing this comforting reminder at the bottom of the page.
Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a FRIEND…
I fell asleep holding my notebook pressed against my chest, open to this most recent assurance. In the morning when I wake up, I can still smell a faint trace of depression’s lingering smoke, but he himself is nowhere to be seen. Somewhere during the night, he got up and left. And his buddy loneliness beat it, too.”

“The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there...and still on your feet.”


“So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.”


“The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.”


“Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.”

“The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!”

“I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.”

“I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it.
Thank you for the day and for the hour, and the minute. ”

“Anything that’s human is mentionable, and anything that is mentionable can be more manageable. When we can talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust with that important talk can help us know that we are not alone.”

“We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.”


“If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.”

“A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.”


“I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.”

“The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.”

“He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. ”

“Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.”


“Sometimes you can see things happen right in front of your eyes and still jump to the wrong conclusions.”


“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”

“I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.”


“She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.”

“E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.”


“Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.”


“An eye is meant to see things.
The soul is here for its own joy.
A head has one use: For loving a true love.
Feet: To chase after.
Love is for vanishing into the sky. The mind,
for learning what men have done and tried to do.
Mysteries are not to be solved: The eye goes blind
when it only wants to see why.
A lover is always accused of something.
But when he finds his love, whatever was lost
in the looking comes back completely changed.”


“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”


“In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.”


“Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”


“My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.”



“The strength of a woman is not measured by the impact that all her hardships in life have had on her; but the strength of a woman is measured by the extent of her refusal to allow those hardships to dictate her and who she becomes.”

“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”

“This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.”


“Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.”


“What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.”


“There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.”

“It [feminism] is mixed up with a muddled idea that women are free when they serve their employers but slaves when they help their husbands.”

“You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.”

“Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.”


“I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.
Whoever brought me here will have to take me home.”

“One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.”

“I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.”


“And if my heart be scarred and burned,
The safer, I, for all I learned.”


“
Do not go gentle.
”


“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.”


“Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.”

“Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.”


“I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.”

“You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.”


“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”


“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”


“Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.”

“Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.”

“I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.”

“As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.”

“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”


“Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.”


“Feet, what do I need them for
If I have wings to fly.”

“We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.”

“You save yourself or you remain unsaved.”

“Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.”

“No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.”

“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”

“You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.”



“Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.”

“Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.”

“...Next time you're faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run.”


“Perfectly Imperfect
We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path.
Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind... there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey.
I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered... we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are.
Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”


“Be yourself; no base imitator of another, but your best self. There is something which you can do better than another. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that. Do the things at which you are great, not what you were never made for.”


“Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.”


“Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape. ”

“There is a legend about a bird which sings just once in its life, more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. From the moment it leaves the nest it searches for a thorn tree, and does not rest until it has found one. Then, singing among the savage branches, it impales itself upon the longest, sharpest spine. And, dying, it rises above its own agony to outcarol the lark and the nightingale. One superlative song, existence the price. But the whole world stills to listen, and God in His heaven smiles. For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain… Or so says the legend.”


“When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.”

“It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.”

“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”


“When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.”

“What is now proved was once only imagined.”

“Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.”


“If you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead. Nothing's off limits. But the endless possibility of the genre is a trap. It's easy to get distracted by the glittering props available to you and forget what you're supposed to be doing: telling a good story. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.”

“If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.”

“Stay hungry. Stay foolish.”

“Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.”

“If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.”

“I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.”

“To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.”

“When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”


“Remake the world, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world.”

“Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?”


“Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the production of the higher animals, directly follows. There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.”


“Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.”



“I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.”

“Words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak.”


“I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.”

“You become what you think about all day long.”

“Gossip is just a tool to distract people who have nothing better to do from feeling jealous of those few of us still remaining with noble hearts.”


“All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”

“If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.”

“I would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.”


“We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.”

“Nothing will work unless you do.”

“I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth. ”


“You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.”

“Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.”


“LAW 4
Always Say Less Than Necessary
When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.”


“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.”

“It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.”

“Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.”

“The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve.
Any time you tolerate mediocrity in others, it increases your mediocrity. An
important attribute in successful people is their impatience with negative
thinking and negative acting people. As you grow, your associates will
change. Some of your friends will not want you to go on. They will want you
to stay where they are. Friends that don't help you climb will want you to
crawl. Your friends will stretch your vision or choke your dream. Those that
don't increase you will eventually decrease you.
Consider this:
Never receive counsel from unproductive people. Never discuss your problems
with someone incapable of contributing to the solution, because those who
never succeed themselves are always first to tell you how. Not everyone has
a right to speak into your life. You are certain to get the worst of the
bargain when you exchange ideas with the wrong person. Don't follow anyone
who's not going anywhere.
With some people you spend an evening: with others you invest it. Be careful
where you stop to inquire for directions along the road of life. Wise is the
person who fortifies his life with the right friendships. If you run with
wolves, you will learn how to howl. But, if you associate with eagles, you
will learn how to soar to great heights.
"A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by the
kind of friends he chooses."
The simple but true fact of life is that you become like those with whom you
closely associate - for the good and the bad.
Note: Be not mistaken. This is applicable to family as well as friends.
Yes...do love, appreciate and be thankful for your family, for they will
always be your family no matter what. Just know that they are human first
and though they are family to you, they may be a friend to someone else and
will fit somewhere in the criteria above.
"In Prosperity Our Friends Know Us. In Adversity We Know Our friends."
"Never make someone a priority when you are only an option for them."
"If you are going to achieve excellence in big things,you develop the habit in little matters.
Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.."..”

“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”


“If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.”


“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”

“Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.”


“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.”

“It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.”


“I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.”

“I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.”

“Fair means everyone gets what they need. And the only way to get what you need is to make it happen yourself.”


“Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?”


“The only difference between you and God is that you have forgotten you are divine.”


“Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.”

“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”



“The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.”

“Maktub" (It is written.)”


“It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.”

“Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you;
Be true to your word and your work and your friend;
Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,
Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”


“When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.”


“Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.”


“God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.”

“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!”


“Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.”


“I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.”

“Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.”

“I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.”


“But beauty is about finding the right fit, the most natural fit, To be perfect, you have to feel perfect about yourself --- avoid trying to be something you're not. For a goddess, that's especially hard. We can change so easily.
-Aphrodite”


“Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?”


“Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.”

“Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles”

“Makakapili ka ng lugar na uupuan mo, pero hindi mo mapipili ang taong uupo sa puwang sa tabi mo... Ganyan ang senaryo sa bus. Ganyan din sa pag-ibig... Lalong 'di mo kontrolado kung kelan siya bababa.”

“Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.”

“Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.”

“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.”

“And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.”


“There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!”


“I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.”

“They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.”

“It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.”


“What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.”


“You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.”


“You can’t go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.”


“Know thyself.”

“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”

“The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.”

“We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.”

“Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.”



“All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”


“The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.”

“He not busy being born is busy dying.”

“The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.”


“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”


“I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.”

“الحزن عنصر ضروري لنكون بشراً، أما السعادة فشيء استثنائي، وجوده أو عدمه لا يؤثر في إنسانيتنا”


“You can't outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little sidebets about the outcome of life. either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don't play at all. and if u don't play u can't win.”


“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”


“Anything under God's control is never out of control.”

“Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.”

“I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.”


“no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith”

“The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.”

“If you can't you must, and if you must you can.”

“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”


“I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.”

“Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that!”

“Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken!”


“I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.”


“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”

“Every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way, and never again. That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of consideration. In each individual the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.”


“We dance round in a ring and suppose,
But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.”

“As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning.”


“A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.”

“Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for”

“Envy is ignorance,
Imitation is Suicide.”



“Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.”


“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”

“And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, and then I showed myself how to get found.”


“We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”

“The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.”


“Look at children. Of course they may quarrel, but generally speaking they do not harbor ill feelings as much or as long as adults do. Most adults have the advantage of education over children, but what is the use of an education if they show a big smile while hiding negative feelings deep inside? Children dont usually act in such a manner. If they feel angry with someone, they express it, and then it is finished. They can still play with that person the following day.”

“Belief, like fear or love, is a force to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity and principals of uncertainty. Phenomena that determine the course of our lives. Yesterday, my life was headed in one direction. Today, it is headed in another. Yesterday, I believe I would never have done what I did today. These forces that often remake time and space, that can shape and alter who we
imagine ourselves to be, begin long before we are born and continue after we perish. Our lives and our choices, like quantum trajectories, are understood moment to moment. That each point of intersection, each encounter, suggest a new potential direction. Proposition, I have fallen in love with Luisa Rey. Is this possible? I just met her and yet, I feel like something important has happened to me.”


“Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.”

“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.”

“The key to your happiness is to own your slippers, own who you are, own how you look, own your family, own the talents you have, and own the ones you don't. If you keep saying your slippers aren't yours, then you'll die searching, you'll die bitter, always feeling you were promised more. Not only our actions, but also our omissions, become our destiny.”


“Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.”


“Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?”

“Anything is possible. Anything can be.”

“But what was there to say?
Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief.
Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”


“I am who I am; no more, no less.”


“She had become accustomed to being lonely. She was used to walking alone and to being considered 'different.' She did not suffer too much.”


“When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”


“I’ve had many enemies over the years. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s never engage in a fight you’re sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you’re in a position of strength—even if you no longer need to strike back.”


“There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves. Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you.”


“If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.”


“أعتقد يعني ان الدليل على ان روحك بتكبر فعلا هو ان مفاهيمك تتغير. مش مبادئك, مفاهيمك.”

“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”


“Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.”

“I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.”

“a wind has blown the rain away & the sky away & all the leaves away, & the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.”

“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”


“it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”

“Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.”

“I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.”

“Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??”

“Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.”

“It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.”



“Step follows step,
Hope follows Courage,
Set your face towards danger,
Set your heart on victory.”


“...there ain't no journey what don't change you some.”


“If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that--warm things, kind things, sweet things--help and comfort and laughter--and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.”


“Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.”

“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”

“In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ”

“Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain”

“There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.”

“Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.”


“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude.”

“Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.”

“Laughter is carbonated holiness.”

“Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.”


“We stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. But it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. In his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and I could feel something inside me break.
So that was that. We were finally, finally over.
I looked at him, and I felt so sad, because this thought occurred to me: 'I will never look at you the same way again. I'll never be that girl again. The girl who comes running back every time you push her away, the girl who loves you anyway.'
I couldn’t even be mad at him, because this was who he was. This was who he’d
always been. He’d never lied about that. He gave and then he took away. I felt it in the pit of my stomach, the familiar ache, that lost, regretful feeling only he could give me. I never wanted to feel it again. Never, ever.
Maybe this was why I came, so I could really know. So I could say good-bye.
I looked at him, and I thought, 'If I was very brave or very honest, I would tell him.'
I would say it, so he would know it and I would know it, and I could never take it back. But I wasn’t that brave or honest, so all I did was look at him. And I think he knew anyway.
'I release you. I evict you from my heart. Because if I don't do it now, I never will.'
I was the one to look away first.”


“Do your best and let God do the rest.”

“You should never assume. You know what happens when you assume. You make an ass out of you and me because that's how it's spelled.”

“Wahai, wanita-wanita yang hingga usia tiga puluh, empat puluh, atau lebih dari itu, tapi belum juga menikah (mungkin kerana kekurangan fizikal, tidak ada kesempatan, atau tidak pernah 'terpilih' di dunia yang amat keterlaluan mencintai harta dan penampilan wajah.) Yakinlah, wanita-wanita solehah yang sendiri, namun tetap mengisi hidupnya dengan indah, bersedekah dan berkongsi, berbuat baik dan bersyukur. Kelak di hari akhir sungguh akan menjadi bidadari-bidadari syurga. Dan khabar baik itu pastilah benar, bidadari syurga parasnya cantik luar biasa.”


“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”


“First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.”

“Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.”


“لا يكن تأخر العطاء مع الالحاح في الدعاء موجباً ليأسك ، فهو ضمن لك الاجابة فيما يختاره لك لا فيما تختاره لنفسك”

“Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.”


“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”

“If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.”


“May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.”

“We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.”

“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.”

“Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”

“The greatest ideas are the simplest.”



“Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.”


“We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.”

“Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.”


“To be in your children's memories tomorrow,
You have to be in their lives today.”

“إن الأدب يؤدي إلي تغيير إنساني يجعل الإنسان أكثر رقيا وأكثر رحابة ويعمل علي زيادة معرفة النفس البشرية، كما يجعل الإنسان يفهم الآخرين قبل الحكم عليهم”

“Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.”


“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”


“Jamie: You know what I figured out today?
Landon: What?
Jamie: Maybe God has a bigger plan for me than I had for myself. Like this journey never ends. Like you were sent to me because I'm sick. To help me through all this. You're my angel.”


“According to Aristophanes in Plato's The Banquet, in the ancient world of legend there were three types of people.
In ancient times people weren't simply male or female, but one of three types : male/male, male/female or female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangment and never really gave it much thought. But then God took a knife and cut everyone in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing half.”


“You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love.”


“Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy —the joy of being Salvador Dalí— and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today?”

“Life is wasted on the living.”


“You have to love dancing to stick to it. It gives you nothing back, no manuscripts to store away, no paintings to show on walls and maybe hang in museums, no poems to be printed and sold, nothing but that single fleeting moment when you feel alive.
”

“It takes a huge effort to free yourself from memory”


“Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.”

“When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.”

“I think joy and sweetness and affection are a spiritual path. We're here to know God, to love and serve God, and to be blown away by the beauty and miracle of nature. You just have to get rid of so much baggage to be light enough to dance, to sing, to play. You don't have time to carry grudges; you don't have time to cling to the need to be right.”

“Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.”


“God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one”


“As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.”

“...even a tiny bit of deceit is dishonorable when it's used for selfish or cowardly reasons.
- Mr. Penderwick”


“There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.”


“Love those you hate you.”


“Berhenti bercita-cita adalah tragedi terbesar dalam hidup manusia”


“The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.”

“Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place”


“Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.”


“I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.”

“People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.”

“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”

“The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average-- though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.”



“It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.”


“You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.”


“If I must fall, may it be from a high place.”


“Only the gentle are ever really strong.”

“Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.”


“Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.”

“To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.”

“Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.”

“I hate you."
I love you."
You're a freak, you know that? Everyone says so. They always have."
I'm trying not to be.”


“My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.”


“Grace is the face that love wears when it meets imperfection.”

“I think the act of reading imbues the reader with a sensitivity toward the outside world that people who don't read can sometimes lack. I know it seems like a contradiction in terms; after all reading is such a solitary, internalizing act that it appears to represent a disengagement from day-to-day life. But reading, and particularly the reading of fiction, encourages us to view the world in new and challenging ways...It allows us to inhabit the consciousness of another which is a precursor to empathy, and empathy is, for me, one of the marks of a decent human being.”


“Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.”

“The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.”


“What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step.”

“If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.”

“Every time you do a good deed you shine the light a little farther into the dark. And the thing is, when you're gone that light is going to keep shining on, pushing the shadows back.”

“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”


“Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.”


“I was born into Bolívar's labyrinth, and so I must believe in the hope of Rabelais' Great Perhaps.”

“Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. ”

“It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us. We needed to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life—daily and hourly. Our answer must consist, not in talk and meditation, but in right action and in right conduct. Life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answer to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.”


“I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!”


“I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.”


“Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.”

“What did you do?” I mumble. He is just a few feet away from me now, but not close enough to hear me. As he passes me he stretches out his hand. He wraps it around my palm and squeezes. Squeezes, then lets go. His eyes are bloodshot; he is pale. “What did you do?” This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him, struggling against Peter’s grip, though his hands chafe. “What did you do?” I scream. “You die, I die too” Tobias looks over his shoulder at me. “I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.”

“Life begins on the other side of despair.”

“The place God calls you to is the place where your deep gladness and the world’s deep hunger meet.”



“Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim.
(I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.)
(Gilraen's linnod)”


“Sometimes I think my head is so big because it is so full of dreams”


“Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?”

“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”

“I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.”


“The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.”


“Scars are not injuries, Tanner Sack. A scar is a healing. After injury, a scar is what makes you whole.”


“You know what i can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, i mean endlessly, i've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?”


“One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life.”


“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”

“Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.”

“If you live in a past dream, you don't enjoy what is happening right now because you will always wish it to be different than it is. There is no time to miss anyone or anything because you are alive. Not enjoying what is happening right now is living in the past and being only half alive. This leads to self pity, suffering and tears.”


“What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.”

“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”

“Give up to grace. The ocean takes care of each wave 'til it gets to shore. You need more help than you know.”


“My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.”

“Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.”

“When forever becomes a place...when forever ceases to be just a word… when it ceases to be just a measurement of time…but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts... that is a reflection of true love.”


“The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!”

“When your will is God's will, you will have your will.”

“The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.”

“Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.”

“I came to the conclusion long ago that all religions were true and that also that all had some error in them, and while I hold by my own religion, I should hold other religions as dear as Hinduism. So we can only pray, if we were Hindus, not that a Christian should become a Hindu; but our innermost prayer should be that a Hindu should become a better Hindu, a Muslim a better Muslim, and a Christian a better Christian.”

“I am no king, and I am no lord,
And I am no soldier at-arms," said he.
"I'm none but a harper, and a very poor harper,
That am come hither to wed with ye."
"If you were a lord, you should be my lord,
And the same if you were a thief," said she.
"And if you are a harper, you shall be my harper,
For it makes no matter to me, to me,
For it makes no matter to me."
"But what if it prove that I am no harper?
That I lied for your love most monstrously?"
"Why, then I'll teach you to play and sing,
For I dearly love a good harp," said she.”


“Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?”

“The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.”

“Passion is a feeling that tells you: this is the right thing to do. Nothing can stand in my way. It doesn't matter what anyone else says. This feeling is so good that it cannot be ignored. I'm going to follow my bliss and act upon this glorious sensation of joy.”

“I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.”

“One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.”

“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”



“To be grateful is to recognize the Love of God in everything He has given us - and He has given us everything. Every breath we draw is a gift of His love, every moment of existence is a grace, for it brings with it immense graces from Him.
Gratitude therefore takes nothing for granted, is never unresponsive, is constantly awakening to new wonder and to praise of the goodness of God. For the grateful person knows that God is good, not by hearsay but by experience. And that is what makes all the difference.”

“The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.”


“Do not dare not to dare.”


“The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers & cities; but to know someone who thinks & feels with us, & who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.”

“Do you know what you are?
You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter.
You are a mirror reflecting a noble face.
This universe is not outside of you.
Look inside yourself;
everything that you want,
you are already that.”


“All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.”


“I am the captain of my soul.”

“With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.”

“In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.”


“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”

“Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through. Face it.”

“It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.”

“The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.”


“For Equilibrium, a Blessing:
Like the joy of the sea coming home to shore,
May the relief of laughter rinse through your soul.
As the wind loves to call things to dance,
May your gravity by lightened by grace.
Like the dignity of moonlight restoring the earth,
May your thoughts incline with reverence and respect.
As water takes whatever shape it is in,
So free may you be about who you become.
As silence smiles on the other side of what's said,
May your sense of irony bring perspective.
As time remains free of all that it frames,
May your mind stay clear of all it names.
May your prayer of listening deepen enough
to hear in the depths the laughter of god.”


“She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.”


“Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?”


“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”


“It's not worth our while to let our imperfections disturb us always.”

“Rise to the occassion which is life!”

“I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.”


“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”


“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.
[
Verse 223
]”


“Collective madness is called sanity ..”


“The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today”

“There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.”

“The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,
of things unknown, but longed for still,
and his tune is heard on the distant hill,
for the caged bird sings of freedom.”


“I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.”

“Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.”

“I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.”

“Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.”

“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. Your really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.”

“If you have to dry the dishes
(Such an awful boring chore)
If you have to dry the dishes
('Stead of going to the store)
If you have to dry the dishes
And you drop one on the floor
Maybe they won't let you
Dry the dishes anymore”



“Words save our lives, sometimes.”


“A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.”


“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”

“Deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter.”


“Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift. ”


“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”

“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”


“It doesn't matter what you do...so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away.”


“We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world”

“What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.”

“It is worse to stay where one does not belong at all than to wander about lost for a while and looking for the psychic and soulful kinship one requires”


“I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth botherin’ with.”


“A path is only a path, and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . . . Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary. Then ask yourself alone, one question . . . Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't it is of no use.”

“The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.”

“If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.”

“The second thing you have to do to be a writer is to keep on writing. Don't listen to people who tell you that very few people get published and you won't be one of them. Don't listen to your friend who says you are better that Tolkien and don't have to try any more. Keep writing, keep faith in the idea that you have unique stories to tell, and tell them. I meet far too many people who are going to be writers 'someday.' When they are out of high school, when they've finished college, after the wedding, when the kids are older, after I retire . . . That is such a trap You will never have any more free time than you do right now. So, whether you are 12 or 70, you should sit down today and start being a writer if that is what you want to do. You might have to write on a notebook while your kids are playing on the swings or write in your car on your coffee break. That's okay. I think we've all 'been there, done that.' It all starts with the writing. ”

“No Difference
Small as a peanut,
Big as a giant,
We're all the same size
When we turn off the light.
Rich as a sultan,
Poor as a mite,
We're all worth the same
When we turn off the light.
Red, black or orange,
Yellow or white,
We all look the same
When we turn off the light.
So maybe the way,
To make everything right
Is for god to just reach out
And turn off the light!”

“LAW 25
Re-Create Yourself
Do not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.”


“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably
become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”


“All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.”

“Happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue.”


“Before I go," he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?"
It was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words. The child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, "A life you love.”


“إذا رأيت الصحراء تمتد وتمتد فاعلم أن وراءها رياضاً خضراء وارفة الظلال”

“We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.”

“Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?”

“Am I weird?"
"Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.”


“If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.”

“you
not wanting me
was
the beginning of me
wanting myself
thank you”

“Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity grows
with the ability to say no to oneself.”

“God is subtle but he is not malicious.”

“You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.”

“Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.”



“Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.”

“A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Its loveliness increases; it will never
Pass into nothingness; but still will keep
A bower quiet for us, and a sleep
Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.”

“Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,
Or what's a heaven for?”


“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.”

“Dream, Dream Dream
Dreams transform into thoughts
And thoughts result in action.”

“To those who will see, the world waits.”

“We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”


“Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.”


“I keep thinking about a tale my nurse used to read to me about a bird whose wings are pinned to the ground. In the end, when he finally frees himself, he flies so high he becomes a star. My nurse said the story was about how we all have something that keeps us down.”


“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”

“هذه رسالة لكاتب مكسيسي اسمه "جوني ولش" كتبها على لسان دمية لماركيز سنة 1999 وقت أن كان ماركيز يصارع السرطان
"لو شاء الله.. أن يهبني شيئا من حياة أخرى فسوف أستثمرها بكل قواي. ربما لن أقول كل ما أفكر به لكنى حتما سأفكر في كل ما سأقوله. سأمنح الأشياء قيمتها، لا لما تمثله، بل لما تعنيه. سأنام قليلا، وأحلم كثيرا، مدركا أن كل لحظة نغلق فيها أعيننا تعنى خسارة ستين ثانية من النور. سأسير فيما يتوقف الآخرون، وسأصحو فيما الكل نيام.. لو شاء ربى أن يهبني حياة أخرى، فسأرتدي ملابس بسيطة وأستلقي على الأرض، لا عاري الجسد فحسب، وإنما عاري الروح أيضا. سأبرهن للناس كم يخطئون عندما يعتقدون أنهم لن يكونوا عشاقا متى شاخوا، دون أن يدروا أنهم يشيخون إذا توقفوا عن العشق.
وتابع يقول: "للطفل سأعطى الأجنحة، لكنى سأدعه يتعلم التحليق وحده، وللكهول سأعلمهم أن الموت لا يأتي مع الشيخوخة بل بفعل النسيان، لقد تعلمت منكم الكثير أيها البشر.. تعلمت أن الجميع يريد العيش في قمة الجبل غير مدركين أن سر السعادة تكمن في تسلقه. تعلمت أن المولود الجديد حين يشد على إصبع أبيه للمرة الأولى فذلك يعنى أنه أمسك بها إلى الأبد. تعلمت أن الإنسان يحق له أن ينظر من فوق إلى الآخر، فقط حين يجب أن يساعده على الوقوف، تعلمت منكم أشياء كثيرة! لكن قلة منها ستفيدني، لأنها عندما ستوضع في حقيبتي أكون أودع الحياة. قل دائما ما تشعر به وأفعل ما تفكر فيه.. لو كنت أعرف أنها المرة الأخيرة التي أراك فيها نائمة، لضممتك بقوة بين ذراعي ولتضرعت إلى الله أن يجعلني حارسا لروحك. لو كنت أعرف أنها الدقائق الأخيرة التي أراك فيها، لقلت "أحبك"، ولتجاهلت - بخجل - أنك تعرفين ذلك.
واستطرد: "هناك دوما غدا، والحياة تمنحنا الفرصة لنفعل الأفضل، لكن لو أنى مخطئ وهذا هو يومي الأخير، أحب أن أقول كم أحبك، وأنني لن أنساك أبدا. لأن الغد ليس مضمونا، لا للشاب ولا للعجوز. ربما تكون في هذا اليوم المرة الأخيرة التي ترى فيها أولئك الذين تحبهم. فلا تنتظر أكثر، تصرف اليوم لأن الغد قد لا يأتي، ولابد أن تندم على اليوم الذي لم تجد فيه الوقت من أجل ابتسامة أو عناق أو قبلة أو أنك كنت مشغولا كي ترسل لهم أمنية أخيرة.
حافظ بقربك على من تحب، اهمس في أذنهم بأنك بحاجة إليهم، أحببهم واهتم بهم، وخذ ما يكفى من الوقت لتقول لهم عبارات مثل: أفهمك، سامحني، من فضلك، شكرا، وكل كلمات الحب التي تعرفها. لن يتذكرك أحد من أجل ما تضمر من أفكار، فأطلب من الرب القوة والحكمة للتعبير عنها. وبرهن لأصدقائك ولأحبائك كم هم مهمون لديك".”

“Champions have the courage to keep turning the pages because they know a better chapter lies ahead.”

“Everything stinks till it’s finished.”

“Sometimes I arrive just when God's ready to have somone click the shutter.”

“Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.”


“ Many of us are slaves to our minds. Our own mind is our worst enemy. We try to focus, and our mind wanders off. We try to keep stress at bay, but anxiety keeps us awake at night. We try to be good to the people we love, but then we forget them and put ourselves first. And when we want to change our life, we dive into spiritual practice and expect quick results, only to lose focus after the honeymoon has worn off. We return to our state of bewilderment. We're left feeling helpless and discouraged. It seems we all agree that training the body through exercise, diet, and relaxation is a good idea, but why don't we think about training our minds?”

“Beyond work and love, I would add two other ingredients that give meaning to life. First, to fulfill whatever talents we are born with. However blessed we are by fate with different abilities and strengths, we should try to develop them to the fullest, rather than allow them to atrophy and decay. We all know individuals who did not fulfill the promise they showed in childhood. Many of them became haunted by the image of what they might have become. Instead of blaming fate, I think we should accept ourselves as we are and try to fulfill whatever dreams are within our capability.
Second, we should try to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. As individuals, we can make a difference, whether it is to probe the secrets of Nature, to clean up the environment and work for peace and social justice, or to nurture the inquisitive, vibrant spirit of the young by being a mentor and a guide.”

“In this sad world of ours sorrow comes to all and it often comes with bitter agony. Perfect relief is not possible except with time. You cannot now believe that you will ever feel better. But this is not true. You are sure to be happy again. Knowing this, truly believing it will make you less miserable now. I have had enough experience to make this statement.”

“Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. He can deepen their joys, expand their vision, quicken their minds, strengthen their muscles, lift their spirits, multiply their blessings, increase their opportunities, comfort their soals, and pour out peace.”

“Finding one important thing in your life doesn’t mean you have to
give up all the other important things.”


“How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.”


“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.”

“I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.”


“You could do a lot worse.”


“When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me,
speaking words of wisdom, let it be.
And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me,
speaking words of wisdom, let it be.
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be.
And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree,
there will be an answer, let it be.
For though they may be parted there is still a chance that they will see,
there will be an answer. let it be.
Let it be, let it be, .....
And when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me,
shine until tomorrow, let it be.
I wake up to the sound of music, mother Mary comes to me,
speaking words of wisdom, let it be.
Let it be, let it be, .....”

“Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.”

“That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed.”

“Always be yourself, there's no one better!”

“The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.”



“Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again.”

“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”

“Travel is never a matter of money but of courage”


“It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.”


“Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway.
If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.”


“Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.”

“The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.”

“Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.”

“I am not a smart man, particularly, but one day, at long last, I stumbled from the dark woods of my own, and my family's, and my country's past, holding in my hands these truths: that love grows from the rich loam of forgiveness; that mongrels make good dogs; that the evidence of God exists in the roundness of things. This much, at least, I've figured out. I know this much is true.”


“In the end, just three things matter:
How well we have lived
How well we have loved
How well we have learned to let go”

“Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.”

“I'm starting with the man in the mirror,
I'm asking him to change his ways;
And no message could have been any clearer,
If you wanna make the world a better place,
Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!”

“It's a lie to think you're not good enough. It's a lie to think you're not worth anything.”

“We do not remember days, we remember moments.”

“Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.”


“There's no limit to what you can dream. You
expect
the unexpected, you
believe
in magic, in fairy tales, and in possibilities. Then you grow older and that innocence is shattered and somewhere along the way the reality of
life
gets in the way and you're hit by the realization that you can't be
all
you wanted to be, you just might have to settle for a little bit less.”

“No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope”

“HOW
do you define a word without concrete meaning? To each his own, the saying goes, so
WHY
push to attain an ideal state of being that no two random people will agree is
WHERE
you want to be? Faultless. Finished. Incomparable. People can never be these, and anyway,
WHEN
did creating a flawless facade become a more vital goal than learning to love the person
WHO
lives inside your skin? The outside belongs to others. Only you should decide for you -
WHAT
is perfect.”


“I agree with yours of the 22d that
a professorship of Theology should have no place in our institution
. but we cannot always do what is absolutely best. those with whom we act, entertaining different views, have the power and the right of carrying them into practice. truth advances, & error recedes step by step only; and to do to our fellow-men the most good in our power, we must lead where we can, follow where we cannot, and still go with them, watching always the favorable moment for helping them to another step.
[
Comment on establishing Jefferson's University of Virginia, a secular college, in a letter to Thomas Cooper 7 October 1814
]”


“One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”


“After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked—as I am surprisingly often—why I bother to get up in the mornings.”

“When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.”

“The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.”

“Someday is now.”

“...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.”


“These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.”



“A villain is just a victim whose story hasn’t been told.”


“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”

“Nothing's a better cure for writer's block than to eat ice cream right out of the carton.”

“The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.”

“Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.”

“I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.”


“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”


“Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. It is determined for the insect, as well as for the star. Human beings, vegetables, or cosmic dust, we all dance to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance by an invisible piper.”

“It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.”


“Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing." ~ Sam (Hilary Duff), A Cinderella Story”

“It's your life-but only if you make it so.”


“What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?”

“life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.”

“A dog has no use for fancy cars or big homes or designer clothes. Status symbol means nothing to him. A waterlogged stick will do just fine. A dog judges others not by their color or creed or class but by who they are inside. A dog doesn't care if you are rich or poor, educated or illiterate, clever or dull. Give him your heart and he will give you his. It was really quite simple, and yet we humans, so much wiser and more sophisticated, have always had trouble figuring out what really counts and what does not. As I wrote that farewell column to Marley, I realized it was all right there in front of us, if only we opened our eyes. Sometimes it took a dog with bad breath, worse manners, and pure intentions to help us see.”

“If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.”


“Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.”


“Jessica. For god's sake," he said. "Allow me to do at least one common courtesy for you. In spite ow what 'women's lib' teaches you, chivalry does not imply that women are powerless. On the contrary, chivalry is an admission of women's superiority. An acknowledgment of
your
power over
us
. This is the only form of servitude a Vladescu ever practices, and I perform it gladly for you. You, in turn, are obligated to accept graciously.”


“Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.”

“When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”


“Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.”

“Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.”


“Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.”

“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”


“Distance can ruin even the best of intentions.
But I suppose it depends on how you look at it.
Distance just adds a richness you would not otherwise get.
People come. People go. They will drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book.
When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their stories and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones. Not the ones from the past.”


“According to this law [the law of Dharma], you have a unique talent and a unique way of expressing it. There is something that you can do better than anyone else in the whole world--and for every unique talent and unique expression of that talent, there are also unique needs. When these needs are matched with the creative expression of your talent, that is the spark that creates affluence. Expressing your talents to fulfill needs creates unlimited wealth and abundance.”

“You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward”


“Freedom is a heavy load, a great and strange burden for the spirit to undertake. It is not easy. It is not a gift given, but a choice made, and the choice may be a hard one. The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it.”


“The sky is the limit... for some people aim higher nothing is impossible.”

“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.”

“In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go.”



“Nothing ever really goes away--it just changes into something else. Something beautiful.”


“We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.”


“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”

“Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.”


“Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.
No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today.
Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it!
This life makes no room for cowards.”


“Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.”


“Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.”

“When I was alive, I believed — as you do — that time was at least as real and solid as myself, and probably more so. I said 'one o'clock' as though I could see it, and 'Monday' as though I could find it on the map; and I let myself be hurried along from minute to minute, day to day, year to year, as though I were actually moving from one place to another. Like everyone else, I lived in a house bricked up with seconds and minutes, weekends and New Year's Days, and I never went outside until I died, because there was no other door. Now I know that I could have walked through the walls. (...) You can strike your own time, and start the count anywhere. When you understand that — then any time at all will be the right time for you.”


“God save us from religion.”

“The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.”

“أنا مُبتلَى بيـا
نسبة نجاة معدومة في المية
مقطوم في القلب ناب
يارب . .
طبطب عليا”

“The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.”


“When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.”

“It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.”

“I have frequently seen people become neurotic when they content themselves with inadequate or wrong answers to the questions of life. They seek position, marriage, reputation, outward success of money, and remain unhappy and neurotic even when they have attained what they were seeking. Such people are usually confined within too narrow a spiritual horizon. Their life has not sufficient content, sufficient meaning. If they are enabled to develop into more spacious personalities, the neurosis generally disappears.”

“Mimpi-mimpi kamu, cita-cita kamu, keyakinan kamu, apa yang kamu mau kejar, biarkan ia menggantung, mengambang 5 centimeter di depan kening kamu. Jadi dia nggak akan pernah lepas dari mata kamu. Dan kamu bawa mimpi dan keyakinan kamu itu setiap hari, kamu lihat setiap hari, dan percaya bahwa kamu bisa.
Apa pun hambatannya, bilang sama diri kamu sendiri, kalo kamu percaya sama keinginan itu dan kamu nggak bisa menyerah. Bahwa kamu akan berdiri lagi setiap kamu jatuh, bahwa kamu akan mengejarnya sampai dapat, apapun itu, segala keinginan, mimpi, cita-cita, keyakinan diri..
Biarkan keyakinan kamu, 5 centimeter mengambang di depan kening kamu. Dan… sehabis itu yang kamu perlu cuma kaki yang akan berjalan lebih jauh dari biasanya, tangan yang akan berbuat lebih banyak dari biasanya, mata yang akan menatap lebih lama dari biasanya, leher yang akan lebih sering melihat ke atas, lapisan tekad yang seribu kali lebih keras dari baja, dan hati yang akan bekerja lebih keras dari biasanya, serta mulut yang akan selalu berdoa..
Keep our dreams alive, and we will survive..
[5cm]”

“The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.”


“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”

“The pessimist resembles a man who observes with fear and sadness that his wall calendar, from which he daily tears a sheet, grows thinner with each passing day. On the other hand, the person who attacks the problems of life actively is like a man who removes each successive leaf from his calendar and files it neatly and carefully away with its predecessors, after first having jotted down a few diary notes on the back. He can reflect with pride and joy on all the richness set down in these notes, on all the life he has already lived to the fullest. What will it matter to him if he notices that he is growing old? Has he any reason to envy the young people whom he sees, or wax nostalgic over his own lost youth? What reasons has he to envy a young person? For the possibilities that a young person has, the future which is in store for him?
No, thank you,' he will think. 'Instead of possibilities, I have realities in my past, not only the reality of work done and of love loved, but of sufferings bravely suffered. These sufferings are even the things of which I am most proud, although these are things which cannot inspire envy.' "
From "Logotherapy in a Nutshell", an essay”


“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”

“Always tell what you feel. Do what you think...”

“If every life is a river, then it's little wonder that we do not even notice the changes that occur until we are far out in the darkest sea. One day you look around and nothing is familiar, not even your own face.
My name once meant daughter, grandaughter, friend, sister, beloved. Now those words mean only what their letters spell out; Star in the night sky. Truth in the darkness.
I have crossed over to a place where I never thought I'd be. I am someone I would have never imagined. A secret. A dream. I am this, body and soul. Burn me. Drown me. Tell me lies. I will still be who I am.”


“Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.”

“As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.”


“How satisfying it is to leave a mark on a blank surface. To make a map of my movement - no matter how temporary.”


“What we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are — and who we will become.”

“All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.”

“I want to be like Gandhi and Martin Luther King and John Lennon but i want to STAY ALIVE.”

“Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.”

“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”

“Scars are just another kind of memory.”



“We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.”

“Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!”


“At first, they'll only dislike what you say, but the more correct you start sounding the more they'll dislike you.”


“The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.”

“I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am”

“All I ask is this: Do something. Try something. Speaking out, showing up, writing a letter, a check, a strongly worded e-mail. Pick a cause – there are few unworthy ones. And nudge yourself past the brink of tacit support to action. Once a month, once a year, or just once...Even just learning enough about a subject so you can speak against an opponent eloquently makes you an unusual personage. Start with that. Any one of you would have cried out, would have intervened, had you been in that crowd in Bashiqa. Well thanks to digital technology, you’re all in it now.”

“Give me the Love that leads the way
The Faith that nothing can dismay
The Hope no disappointments tire
The Passion that'll burn like fire
Let me not sink to be a clod
Make me Thy fuel, Flame of God”

“To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult.”


“Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.”

“Wanderer, your footsteps are the road, and nothing more; wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking. By walking one makes the road, and upon glancing behind one sees the path that never will be trod again. Wanderer, there is no road-- Only wakes upon the sea.
Caminante, son tus huellas el camino, y nada más; caminante, no hay camino, se hace camino al andar. Al andar se hace camino, y al volver la vista atrás se ve la senda que nunca se ha de volver a pisar. Caminante, no hay camino, sino estelas en la mar.”


“It doesn’t matter what we are. It matters what we do.”


“Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild.
--Alexander Supertramp, May 1992”

“Complain and remain. Praise and be raised.”

“A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.”

“Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.”


“A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return”


“Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.”

“We travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next to find ourselves. We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate. We travel to bring what little we can, in our ignorance and knowledge, to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed. And we travel, in essence, to become young fools again- to slow time down and get taken in, and fall in love once more.”

“The most exquisite paradox… as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.”

“And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.”


“Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.”

“A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid. ”

“How sweet is the assurance, how comforting is the peace that come from the knowledge that if we marry right and live right, our relationship will continue, notwithstanding the certainty of death and the passage of time. Men may write love songs and sing them. They may yearn and hope and dream. But all of this will be only a romantic longing unless there is an exercise of authority that transcends the powers of time and death.”

“Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.”

“This is your life. Do what you want and do it often.
If you don't like something, change it.
If you don't like your job, quit.
If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV.
If you are looking for the love of your life, stop; they will be waiting for you when you start doing things you love.
Stop over-analysing, life is simple.
All emotions are beautiful.
When you eat, appreciate every last bite.
Life is simple.
Open your heart, mind and arms to new things and people, we are united in our differences.
Ask the next person you see what their passion is and share your inspiring dream with them.
Travel often; getting lost will help you find yourself.
Some opportunities only come once, seize them.
Life is about the people you meet and the things you create with them, so go out and start creating.
Life is short, live your dream and wear your passion.”


“I think that I shall never see
A poem lovely as a tree.
A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed
Against the earth's sweet flowing breast;
A tree that looks at God all day
And lifts her leafy arms to pray;
A tree that may in summer wear
A nest of robins in her hair;
Upon whose bosom snow has lain;
Who intimately lives with rain.
Poems are made by fools like me,
But only God can make a tree.”


“Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.”


“The function of freedom is to free someone else.”

“There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .”

“How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave. Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
So you must not be frightened if a sadness rises up before you larger than any you have ever seen; if a restiveness, like light and cloudshadows, passes over your hands and over all you do. You must think that something is happening with you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in its hand; it will not let you fall. Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any miseries, or any depressions? For after all, you do not know what work these conditions are doing inside you.”



“For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”


“Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.”


“Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out. You're curious and smart and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures that you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices. And remember that you are always making up the future as you go.”


“No one is ever satisfied where he is.”


“If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.”

“When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.”

“Life isn't about having, it's about being. You could surround yourself with all that money can buy, and you'd still be as miserable as a human can be. I know people with perfect bodies who don't have half the happiness I've found. On my journeys I've seen more joy in the slums of Mumbai and the orphanages of Africa than in wealthy gated communities and on sprawling estates worth millions. Why is that? You'll find contentment when your talents and passion are completely engaged, in full force. Recognise instant self-gratification for what it is. Resist the temptation to grab for material objects like the perfect house, the coolest clothes or the hottest car. The if I just had X, I would be happy syndrome is a mass delusion. When you look for happiness in mere objects, they are never enough. Look around. Look within.”

“How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.”


“Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.”

“With our thoughts we make the world.”

“She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.”


“Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet. Make all your friends feel there is something special in them. Look at the sunny side of everything. Think only the best, be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Give everyone a smile. Spend so much time improving yourself that you have no time left to criticize others. Be too big for worry and too noble for anger.”

“Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.”


“Nobody steals books but your friends.”


“There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.”

“You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”


“Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.”


“you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own”

“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”


“After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.”


“انت عمرك ما كنت مسئول عن مرضك... بس النهارده انت مسئول عن شفاك.”


“If you are a dreamer come in”

“You can only be afraid of what you think you know.”

“Skies are crying,
I am watching,
Catching teardrops in my hands.
Only silence, as it's ending,
Like we never had a chance.
Do you have to make me feel
Like there's nothing left of me?”

“It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.”

“I am so, so alive.”


“و أنا فى الحقيقة ماليش فى الوصف كتير..أنا باحب و باكره”


“The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for it. Columbus and America. Pinzon, who stumbled on Brazil while looking for the West Indies. Stanley happening on Victoria Falls. And you. Amy Curry, when I was least expecting her.
-Roger Sullivan”


“Just an observation: it is impossible to be both grateful and depressed. Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”



“It’s dark because you are trying too hard.
Lightly child, lightly. Learn to do everything lightly.
Yes, feel lightly even though you’re feeling deeply.
Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them.
I was so preposterously serious in those days, such a humorless little prig.
Lightly, lightly – it’s the best advice ever given me.
When it comes to dying even. Nothing ponderous, or portentous, or emphatic.
No rhetoric, no tremolos,
no self conscious persona putting on its celebrated imitation of Christ or Little Nell.
And of course, no theology, no metaphysics.
Just the fact of dying and the fact of the clear light.
So throw away your baggage and go forward.
There are quicksands all about you, sucking at your feet,
trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair.
That’s why you must walk so lightly.
Lightly my darling,
on tiptoes and no luggage,
not even a sponge bag,
completely unencumbered.”


“I’ve gotta get out of the basement. I’ve gotta see the world. I’ve gotta make a difference”

“Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.”


“Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.”


“Jesus Christ lived in the midst of his enemies. At the end all his disciples deserted him. On the Cross he was utterly alone, surrounded by evildoers and mockers. For this cause he had come, to bring peace to the enemies of God. So the Christian, too, belongs not in the seclusion of a cloistered life but in the thick of foes. There is his commission, his work. 'The kingdom is to be in the midst of your enemies. And he who will not suffer this does not want to be of the Kingdom of Christ; he wants to be among friends, to sit among roses and lilies, not with the bad people but the devout people. O you blasphemers and betrayers of Christ! If Christ had done what you are doing who would ever have been spared' (Luther).”


“Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are”


“Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.”


“Maybe some things aren't meant to be known. maybe there just meant to be accepted.”


“Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.”

“My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”

“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”

“I wonder,” he said, “whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...”


“Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death. But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs. If there was no suffering, man would not know his limits, would not know himself. ”


“Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.”

“The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.”

“Closing The Cycle
One always has to know when a stage comes to an end. If we insist on staying longer than the necessary time, we lose the happiness and the meaning of the other stages we have to go through. Closing cycles, shutting doors, ending chapters - whatever name we give it, what matters is to leave in the past the moments of life that have finished.
Did you lose your job? Has a loving relationship come to an end? Did you leave your parents' house? Gone to live abroad? Has a long-lasting friendship ended all of a sudden?
You can spend a long time wondering why this has happened. You can tell yourself you won't take another step until you find out why certain things that were so important and so solid in your life have turned into dust, just like that. But such an attitude will be awfully stressing for everyone involved: your parents, your husband or wife, your friends, your children, your sister, everyone will be finishing chapters, turning over new leaves, getting on with life, and they will all feel bad seeing you at a standstill.
None of us can be in the present and the past at the same time, not even when we try to understand the things that happen to us. What has passed will not return: we cannot for ever be children, late adolescents, sons that feel guilt or rancor towards our parents, lovers who day and night relive an affair with someone who has gone away and has not the least intention of coming back.
Things pass, and the best we can do is to let them really go away. That is why it is so important (however painful it may be!) to destroy souvenirs, move, give lots of things away to orphanages, sell or donate the books you have at home. Everything in this visible world is a manifestation of the invisible world, of what is going on in our hearts - and getting rid of certain memories also means making some room for other memories to take their place.
Let things go. Release them. Detach yourself from them. Nobody plays this life with marked cards, so sometimes we win and sometimes we lose. Do not expect anything in return, do not expect your efforts to be appreciated, your genius to be discovered, your love to be understood. Stop turning on your emotional television to watch the same program over and over again, the one that shows how much you suffered from a certain loss: that is only poisoning you, nothing else.
Nothing is more dangerous than not accepting love relationships that are broken off, work that is promised but there is no starting date, decisions that are always put off waiting for the "ideal moment." Before a new chapter is begun, the old one has to be finished: tell yourself that what has passed will never come back. Remember that there was a time when you could live without that thing or that person - nothing is irreplaceable, a habit is not a need. This may sound so obvious, it may even be difficult, but it is very important.
Closing cycles. Not because of pride, incapacity or arrogance, but simply because that no longer fits your life. Shut the door, change the record, clean the house, shake off the dust. Stop being who you were, and change into who you are.”

“He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.”

“Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?”

“As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.”


“To write is human, to edit is divine.”


“The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.”

“The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.”


“It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.”


“The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.”

“If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.”


“The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.”


“Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”

“The culture of women in the church today is crippled by some very pervasive lies. "To be spiritual is to be busy. To be spiritual is to be disciplined. To be spiritual is to be dutiful." No, to be spiritual is to be in Romance with God. The desire to be romanced lies deep in the heart of every women. It is for such that you were made. Are you ARE romanced, and ever will be.”

“Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.”

“If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.”



“I choose gentleness... Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.”

“Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.”


“الرجل درع المرأة الواقي من كل ما هو خارجي و مؤذ، والمرأة درعه الداخلي من اقلابات روحه على جسده ،كلاهما يحميان بعضهما، واذا كانت المرأه قادرة على الاستغناء عن الرجل، و حماية نفسها استنادا الى المجتمع والقانون، فقد لا يجد الرجل ما يغنيه عنها، فليس في قوانين الدنيا ما يحمي أرواحنا من الانهيار و التفتت لشح الحنان”

“That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.”

“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
[
Meditations Divine and Moral
]”


“What we do see depends mainly on what we look for. ... In the same field the farmer will notice the crop, the geologists the fossils, botanists the flowers, artists the colouring, sportmen the cover for the game. Though we may all look at the same things, it does not all follow that we should see them.”


“Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.”

“Kecantikan yang abadi terletak pada keelokan adab dan ketinggian ilmu seseorang. Bukan terletak pada wajah dan pakaiannya”

“Of all the wonders that I have heard,
It seems to me most strange that men should fear;
Seeing death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
(Act II, Scene 2)”


“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”

“Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.”


“Kemampuan membaca itu sebuah rahmat. Kegemaran membaca; sebuah kebahagiaan.”

“Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.”


“Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.”


“It is not enough to be industrious; so are the ants. What are you industrious about?”


“Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends.”

“The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you.”

“However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.”

“And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.”


“Andaikata semua kehidupan ini menyakitkan, maka di luar sana pasti masih ada sepotong bagian yang menyenangkan. Kemudian kau akan membenak pasti ada sesuatu yang jauh lebih indah dari menatap rembulan di langit. Kau tidak tahu apa itu, karna ilmumu terbatas. Kau hanya yakin , bila tidak di kehidupan ini suatu saat nanti pasti akan ada yang lebih mempesona dibanding menatap sepotong rembulan yang sedang bersinar indah.”


“Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.”


“But we never get back our youth… The pulse of joy that beats in us at twenty becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.”


“By declaring that man is responsible and must actualize the potential meaning of his life, I wish to stress that the true meaning of life is to be discovered in the world rather than within man or his own psyche, as though it were a closed system. I have termed this constitutive characteristic "the self-transcendence of human existence." It denotes the fact that being human always points, and is directed, to something or someone, other than oneself--be it a meaning to fulfill or another human being to encounter. The more one forgets himself--by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love--the more human he is and the more he actualizes himself. What is called self-actualization is not an attainable aim at all, for the simple reason that the more one would strive for it, the more he would miss it. In other words, self-actualization is possible only as a side-effect of self-transcendence.”


“When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.”


“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!”


“Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.”

“كلمة أنا ما تحلاش إلا بدفا الجماعة. زى لمّا تخبط على باب الحبايب ويسألوا "مين؟" تقول "أنا" ويعرفوك من حسك”


“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.”

“Is it easy? Usually not. But you don't forgive people for their benefit. You do it for your benefit.”

“An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.”

“You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.”

“It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.”

“If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,
You have to go places quite out of the way,
You have to go places no others can get to.
You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.”

“If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?”

“When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.”



“Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.
Read it over.
Again.
Let those words resonate in your mind.”

“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”


“You don't know, oh, oh
You don't know you're beautiful.”

“You have to teach your heart and mind how to sing together... then you'll hear the sound of your soul”


“Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.”

“All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.”


“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”

“When we are most alone is when we embrace another's loneliness.”


“Before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we’ve learned as we’ve moved toward that dream. That’s the point at which most people give up. It’s the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one 'dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.”


“Hanya orang-orang dengan hati damailah yang boleh menerima kejadian buruk dengan lega.”


“Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.”

“Each of us is full of shit in our own special way. We are all shitty little snowflakes dancing in the universe.”


“Give your weakness to one who helps.”

“If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.”

“Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.”


“Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly: I am a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.”


“if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.”


“He asked, 'Croesus, who told you to attack my land and meet me as an enemy instead of a friend?'
The King replied, 'It was caused by your good fate and my bad fate. It was the fault of the Greek gods, who with their arrogance, encouraged me to march onto your lands. Nobody is mad enough to choose war whilst there is peace. During times of peace, the sons bury their fathers, but in war it is the fathers who send their sons to the grave.”


“Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...”

“And people who don’t dream, who don’t have any kind of imaginative life, they must… they must go nuts. I can’t imagine that.”

“Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...”

“I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?”

“It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.”

“A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the fate of the world.”


“Pointing to another world will never stop vice among us; shedding light over this world can alone help us.”

“Don't give up the fight,
Stand up for your rights.”

“There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till. The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.”



“that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.”

“Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.”


“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”

“Things work out, it isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. It all works out, don't worry. I say that to myself every morning. It will all work out. If you do your best, it will all work out. Put your trust in God, and move forward with faith and confidence in the future. The Lord will not forsake us. If we will put our trust in him, if we will pray to him, if we will live worthy of his blessings, he will hear our prayers.”

“Once upon a time, there was a wise man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work.
One day, as he was walking along the shore, he looked down the beach and saw a human figure moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought of someone who would dance to the day, and so, he walked faster to catch up.
As he got closer, he noticed that the figure was that of a young man, and that what he was doing was not dancing at all. The young man was reaching down to the shore, picking up small objects, and throwing them into the ocean.
He came closer still and called out "Good morning! May I ask what it is that you are doing?"
The young man paused, looked up, and replied "Throwing starfish into the ocean."
"I must ask, then, why are you throwing starfish into the ocean?" asked the somewhat startled wise man.
To this, the young man replied, "The sun is up and the tide is going out. If I don't throw them in, they'll die."
Upon hearing this, the wise man commented, "But, young man, do you not realize that there are miles and miles of beach and there are starfish all along every mile? You can't possibly make a difference!"
At this, the young man bent down, picked up yet another starfish, and threw it into the ocean. As it met the water, he said,
"It made a difference for that one.”

“Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.”

“There is no failure except in no longer trying.”

“Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.”


“You enter the forest
at the darkest point,
where there is no path.
Where there is a way or path,
it is someone else's path.
You are not on your own path.
If you follow someone else's way,
you are not going to realize
your potential.”


“A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.”


“Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.”

“Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.”


“People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there”


“In his suicide note, Kurt Cobain wrote, "It's better to burn out than to fade away." He was quoting a Neil Young song about Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols. When I was twenty-four, I interviewed John Lennon. I asked him about this sentiment, one that pervades rock and roll. He took strong, outraged exception to it. "It's better to fade away like an old soldier than to burn out, " he said. "I worship people who survive. I'll take the living and the healthy.”


“Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.”


“Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.”


“There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.”


“Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.”

“Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends”

“Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)”


“Cinta hanyalah segumpal perasaan dalam hati. Sama halnya dengan gumpal perasaan senang, gembira, sedih, sama dengan kau suka makan gilau kepala ikan, suka mesin. Bedanya, kita selama ini terbiasa mengistimewakan gumpal perasaan yang disebut cinta. Kita beri dia porsi lebih penting, kita bersarkan, terus menggumpal membesar. Coba saja kau cuekin, kau lupakan, maka gumpal cinta itu juga dengan cepat layu seperti kau bosan makan gulai kepala ikan.”


“That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.”

“Love doesn’t have to be on Valentine’s Day. It doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day.
It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt.
It just has to be.”


“And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.”


“Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.”


“Truly powerful people have great humility. They do not try to impress, they do not try to be influential. They simply are. People are magnetically drawn to them. They are most often very silent and focused, aware of their core selves. ... They never persuade, nor do they use manipulation or aggressiveness to get their way. They listen. If there is anything they can offer to assist you, they offer it; if not, they are silent.”


“Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.”


“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up”

“Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!”

“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.”



“Tearing down the rest of the world won't make you happy. Look inside yourself. Because finding who you were meant to be? What you were put into this world to do? That's what fills the emptiness. It's the only things that can.”


“Myth is much more important and true than history. History is just journalism and you know how reliable that is.”

“An idea is salvation by imagination”

“Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.”

“Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.”

“What hurts us is what heals us”


“I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.”

“Gratitude is a sign of maturity...Where there is appreciation: there is also courtesy and concern for the rights and property of others.”

“Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.”

“LAW 38
Think As You Like But Behave Like Others
If you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.”


“Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.”


“Achievement has no color”

“Everything you want is on the other side of fear.”

“This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.”

“Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair.
I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy - ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness--that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what--at last--I have found.
With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved.
Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate this evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer.
This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.”

“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”

“Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)”


“Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…”

“I close my eyes
and I can see a better day.
I close my eyes
and pray”

“There is no such thing as a child who hates to read; there are only children who have not found the right book.”

“If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.”

“When you are used to the kind of life -of never getting anything you want- you stop knowing what it is you want.”


“आयुष्यात मला भावलेलं एक गुज सांगतो. उपजिविकेसाठीआवश्यक असणाऱ्या विषयाचं शिक्षण जरुर घ्या. पोटापाण्याचा उद्योग जिद्दीनं करा, पण एवढ्यावरच थांबू नका. साहित्य, चित्र, संगीत, नाट्य, शिल्प, खेळ ह्यांतल्या एखाद्या तरी कलेशी मैत्री जमवा. पोटापाण्याचा उद्योग तुम्हाला जगवील, पण कलेशी जमलेली मैत्री तुम्ही का जगायचं हे सांगून जाईल.
- पु. ल.”

“Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.”


“be it peace or happiness
let it enfold you”

“Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.”


“As the smoke clears,
I awaken,
And untangle you from me.
Would it make you feel better
To watch me, while I bleed?
All my windows still are broken,
But I'm standing on my feet.”

“But why think about that when all the golden lands ahead of you and all kinds of unforseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make you glad you're alive to see?”



“I want you to know
one thing.
You know how this is:
if I look
at the crystal moon, at the red branch
of the slow autumn at my window,
if I touch
near the fire
the impalpable ash
or the wrinkled body of the log,
everything carries me to you,
as if everything that exists,
aromas, light, metals,
were little boats
that sail
toward those isles of yours that wait for me.
Well, now,
if little by little you stop loving me
I shall stop loving you little by little.
If suddenly
you forget me
do not look for me,
for I shall already have forgotten you.
If you think it long and mad,
the wind of banners
that passes through my life,
and you decide
to leave me at the shore
of the heart where I have roots,
remember
that on that day,
at that hour,
I shall lift my arms
and my roots will set off
to seek another land.
But
if each day,
each hour,
you feel that you are destined for me
with implacable sweetness,
if each day a flower
climbs up to your lips to seek me,
ah my love, ah my own,
in me all that fire is repeated,
in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten,
my love feeds on your love, beloved,
and as long as you live it will be in your arms
without leaving mine.”


“Done is better than perfect.”


“Our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable. There are hearts to gladden. There are kind words to say. There are gifts to be given. There are deeds to be done. There are souls to be saved.
As we remember that “when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God,” (Mosiah 2:17) we will not find ourselves in the unenviable position of Jacob Marley’s ghost, who spoke to Ebenezer Scrooge in Charles Dickens’s immortal "Christmas Carol." Marley spoke sadly of opportunities lost. Said he: 'Not to know that any Christian spirit working kindly in its little sphere, whatever it may be, will find its mortal life too short for its vast means of usefulness. Not to know that no space of regret can make amends for one life’s opportunity misused! Yet such was I! Oh! such was I!'
Marley added: 'Why did I walk through crowds of fellow-beings with my eyes turned down, and never raise them to that blessed Star which led the Wise Men to a poor abode? Were there no poor homes to which its light would have conducted me!'
Fortunately, as we know, Ebenezer Scrooge changed his life for the better. I love his line, 'I am not the man I was.'
Why is Dickens’ "Christmas Carol" so popular? Why is it ever new? I personally feel it is inspired of God. It brings out the best within human nature. It gives hope. It motivates change. We can turn from the paths which would lead us down and, with a song in our hearts, follow a star and walk toward the light. We can quicken our step, bolster our courage, and bask in the sunlight of truth. We can hear more clearly the laughter of little children. We can dry the tear of the weeping. We can comfort the dying by sharing the promise of eternal life. If we lift one weary hand which hangs down, if we bring peace to one struggling soul, if we give as did the Master, we can—by showing the way—become a guiding star for some lost mariner.”

“Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk. It's up to you.”


“You've got to show the world who you are before it tells you. Otherwise you become victim to someone you're not.”


“There, peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land, and hope returned to him. For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”


“In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.”

“Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.”

“Til shade is gone,
til water is gone
Into the shadow with teeth bared
Screaming defiance with the last breath
To spit in Sightblinder’s eye on the Last Day.”


“Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.”

“Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.”

“People would rather believe than know.”

“...mencintai itu, kadang mengumpulkan segala tabiat menyebalkan dari seseorang yang engkau cintai, memakinya, merasa tak sanggup lagi menjadi yang terbaik untuk dirinya, dan berpikir tak ada lagi jalan kembali, tapi tetap saja engkau tak sanggup benar-benar meninggalkannya.”


“You think of yourself
as a citizen of the universe.
You think you belong
to this world of dust and matter.
Out of this dust
you have created a personal image,
and have forgotten
about the essence of your true origin”


“Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.”

“Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness...except possibly when it comes to you.”

“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.”

“We are what we believe we are!”

“Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.”

“Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.”


“The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. ”

“I wrote the song 'Down to Earth' a few years ago, and i was really excited to record it for My World album. It's a huge fan favourite. So many people feel where i'm coming from. It doesn't need any spectacular stage effects in the touring show; the best thing i can do is just sing it straight from my heart. I'm not afraid to show my emotions; if you love someone, you should tell them. If you think a girl is beautiful, you should say that. Usher says some songs work best when there's a sob in the singer's voice. You gotta let that deep feeling come through. And that's how i felt about this song. Sometimes the emotion of it is enough to bring tears to my eyes.”

“I want a tattoo over my heart that reads TRY HARDER YOU LAZY PARAMEDIC SHITBAG OR I WILL HAUNT YOUR BEDROOM FOREVER”

“No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.”

“But what is life if you don't live it?”


“It’s against the rules of humanity to believe there is nothing we can do.”


“Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy”

“One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.”


“War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.”


“In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas."
Even in your world, my son, that is not what a star is, but only what it is made of.”



“Each of us has the right and the responsibility to assess the roads which lie ahead, and those over which we have traveled, and if the future road looms ominous or unpromising, and the roads back uninviting, then we need to gather our resolve and, carrying only the necessary baggage, step off that road into another direction. If the new choice is also unpalatable, without embarrassment, we must be ready to change that as well.”


“Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.”


“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.”

“Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.”


“I gave myself permission to care, because there are a lot of people in this world who are afraid of caring, who are afraid of showing they care because it’s uncool. It’s uncool to have passion. It’s so much easier to lose when you’ve shown everyone how much you don’t care if you win or lose. It’s much harder to lose when you show that you care, but you’ll never win unless you also stand to lose. I’ve said it before. Don’t be afraid of your passion, give it free reign, and be honest and work hard and it will all turn out just fine.”

“Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude”

“Maybe your country is only a place you make up in your own mind. Something you dream about and sing about. Maybe it's not a place on the map at all, but just a story full of people you meet and places you visit, full of books and films you've been to. I'm not afraid of being homesick and having no language to live in. I don't have to be like anyone else. I'm walking on the wall and nobody can stop me.”


“know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.”


“We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.”

“Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.”


“Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.”

“الإنسان يجب أن يدق الباب .. فسوف يجد أحداً يفتح .. عن رغبة أو رهبة أو ضيق .. ولكن لابد أن ينفتح الباب .. ومن وراءه باب ثاني وثالث”

“Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. (quoting Dr. Struan Sutherland)”

“Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”

“Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.”

“Avoid loud and aggressive persons,
they are vexations to the spirit.”


“Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.”

“God has given us more than fourteen billion cells and connections in our brain. Why would God give us such a complex organ system unless he expects us to use it?”

“The nights you fight best are
when all the weapons are pointed at you,
when all the voices hurl their insults
while the dream is being strangled.
The nights you fight best are
when reason gets kicked in the gut,
when the chariots of gloom encircle you.
The nights you fight best are
when the laughter of fools fills the air,
when the kiss of death is mistaken for love.
The nights you fight best are
when the game is fixed,
when the crowd screams for your blood.
The nights you fight best are
on a night like this
as you chase a thousand dark rats from your brain,
as you rise up against the impossible,
as you become a brother to the tender sister of joy
and move on
regardless.”

“Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.”

“God uses broken things. It takes broken soil to produce a crop, broken clouds to give rain, broken grain to give bread, broken bread to give strength. It is the broken alabaster box that gives forth perfume. It is Peter, weeping bitterly, who returns to greater power than ever.”

“I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.”

“Perfect is the enemy of good.”

“Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.”


“Stand firm in the Lord. Stand firm and let Him fight your battle. Do not try to fight alone.”


“Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.”

“It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.”


“Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.”

“You are a cosmic flower. Om chanting is the process of opening the psychic petals of that flower.”


“If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.”

“لا تحزن الا عن شيئين: فوات هدفك, أو اثناؤك عنه ”



“When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true”

“They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?”

“Don't ever give up.
Don't ever give in.
Don't ever stop trying.
Don't ever sell out.
And if you find yourself succumbing to one of the above for a brief moment,
pick yourself up, brush yourself off, whisper a prayer, and start where you left off.
But never, ever, ever give up.”


“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.”

“I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.”

“Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.”

“If I am the pawn of the gods, it is because they know me so well, not because they make my mind up for me.”


“Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.”


“Is there any real purpose in being alive if all we are going to do is get up every day and live only for ourselves?
Live your life to help others. Give & live selflessly.”

“A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.”

“To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.”

“It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.”


“قد أسعى لمحو أحزاني، و لكني لن اجرؤ على استبدالها بحزنِ مجهول، لن أقامر على طاولة الحياة،وحشة هذا الحزن المجهول أشد علىّ من من حزن قديم أليف. ”


“If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all...”

“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”

“The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.”


“Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!”

“My experiences have taught me that things rarely improve with a simple change of scenery.”


“Peace is present right here and now, in ourselves and in everything we do and see. Every breath we take, every step we take, can be filled with peace, joy, and serenity. The question is whether or not we are in touch with it. We need only to be awake, alive in the present moment.”


“وابتعدت.. دون أن أفسـّر حتى لنفسى أسباب هذا الهروب !”


“A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”


“Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.”

“In definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari.”


“You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.”

“What the society thinks is of no interest to me. All that's important is how I see myself. I know who who I am. I know the value of my work.”


“There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.”

“I am not afraid... I was born to do this.”

“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”


“Congratulations!
Today is your day.
You're off to Great Places!
You're off and away!”



“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”

“Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit.”

“To have regret is to be disappointed with yourself and your choices. Those who are wise, see their life like stepping stones across a great river. Everyone misses a stone from time to time. No one can cross the river without getting wet. Success is measured by your arrival on the other side, not on how muddy your shoes are. Regrets are only felt by those who do not understand life’s purpose. They become so disillusioned that they stand still in the river and do not take the next leap.”

“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”


“Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.”


“Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.”

“I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.”

“We join spokes together in a wheel,
but it is the center hole
that makes the wagon move.
We shape clay into a pot,
but it is the emptiness inside
that holds whatever we want.
We hammer wood for a house,
but it is the inner space
that makes it livable.
We work with being,
but non-being is what we use.”

“What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”

“I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything.
"Hey Cass, "I'd say, "hand me that toothpaste."
"Caitlin," she'd say, her voice dark and serious. "I can't hand you the toothpaste. But I CAN help you hand the toothpaste to yourself.”


“... it’s a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.”


“For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.”


“Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.”

“There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.”

“Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.”


“For, after all, every one who wishes to gain true knowledge must climb the Hill Difficulty alone, and since there is no royal road to the summit, I must zigzag it in my own way. I slip back many times, I fall, I stand still, I run against the edge of hidden obstacles, I lose my temper and find it again and keep it better, I trudge on, I gain a little, I feel encouraged, I get more eager and climb higher and begin to see the widening horizon. Every struggle is a victory. One more effort and I reach the luminous cloud, the blue depths of the sky, the uplands of my desire.”


“Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.”


“I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”


“But what if Shakespeare― and Hamlet― were asking the wrong question? What if the real question is not whether
to
be, but
how
to be?”


“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”


“Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.”


“How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.”


“A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”


“When people see some things as beautiful,
other things become ugly.
When people see some things as good,
other things become bad.”


“We rich nations, for that is what we are, have an obligation not only to the poor nations, but to all the grandchildren of the world, rich and poor.
We have not inherited this earth from our parents to do with it what we will. We have borrowed it from our children and we must be careful to use it in their interests as well as our own
. Anyone who fails to recognise the basic validity of the proposition put in different ways by increasing numbers of writers, from Malthus to The Club of Rome, is either ignorant, a fool, or evil.”

“How are you coming with your home library? Do you need some good ammunition on why it's so important to read? The last time I checked the statistics...I think they indicated that only four percent of the adults in this country have bought a book within the past year. That's dangerous. It's extremely important that we keep ourselves in the top five or six percent.
In one of the Monthly Letters from the Royal Bank of Canada it was pointed out that reading good books is not something to be indulged in as a luxury. It is a necessity for anyone who intends to give his life and work a touch of quality. The most real wealth is not what we put into our piggy banks but what we develop in our heads. Books instruct us without anger, threats and harsh discipline. They do not sneer at our ignorance or grumble at our mistakes. They ask only that we spend some time in the company of greatness so that we may absorb some of its attributes.
You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own.
You may read because in your high-pressure life, studded with problems and emergencies, you need periods of relief and yet recognize that peace of mind does not mean numbness of mind.
You may read because you never had an opportunity to go to college, and books give you a chance to get something you missed. You may read because your job is routine, and books give you a feeling of depth in life.
You may read because you did go to college.
You may read because you see social, economic and philosophical problems which need solution, and you believe that the best thinking of all past ages may be useful in your age, too.
You may read because you are tired of the shallowness of contemporary life, bored by the current conversational commonplaces, and wearied of shop talk and gossip about people.
Whatever your dominant personal reason, you will find that reading gives knowledge, creative power, satisfaction and relaxation. It cultivates your mind by calling its faculties into exercise.
Books are a source of pleasure - the purest and the most lasting. They enhance your sensation of the interestingness of life. Reading them is not a violent pleasure like the gross enjoyment of an uncultivated mind, but a subtle delight.
Reading dispels prejudices which hem our minds within narrow spaces. One of the things that will surprise you as you read good books from all over the world and from all times of man is that human nature is much the same today as it has been ever since writing began to tell us about it.
Some people act as if it were demeaning to their manhood to wish to be well-read but you can no more be a healthy person mentally without reading substantial books than you can be a vigorous person physically without eating solid food. Books should be chosen, not for their freedom from evil, but for their possession of good. Dr. Johnson said: "Whilst you stand deliberating which book your son shall read first, another boy has read both.”

“Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.”


“Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.”


“God helps those who strut their stuff.”


“I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself”

“These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart.”



“What would you do if you weren't afraid?”


“I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.”


“The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.”

“What if I mess up?"
"Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me."
"What's that?"
"Stay alive long enough to mess up again.”


“Life is ours to be spent, not to
be saved.”

“Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind.”

“There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.”


“Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?”


“Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems.
Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.”


“My dear Watson," said [Sherlock Holmes], "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.”


“Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.”

“Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.”


“Hindi ako naniniwalang kailangan ng tao mangarap dahil gusto n’ya ng pera, o gusto n’yang sumikat, o gusto n’ya ng impluwensya. Side effects na lang ang mga ‘to, sa tingin ko. Nangangarap ang tao dahil binigyan s’ya ng Diyos ng kakayanang mangarap at tumupad nito. Tungkulin n’yang pagbutihin ang pagkatao n’ya at mag-ambag ng tulong sa mundo. At wala na s’yang iba pang magagawang mas malaking kasalanan sa sarili bukod sa talikuran ang tungkuling yon… ”


“you don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.”

“Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.”

“Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.”

“Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.”

“It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.”


“Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.”

“You’re only poor if you give up. The most important thing is that you did something. Most people only talk and dream of getting rich. You’ve done something.”


“The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.”


“It’s funny. I met a man once who did a lot of mountain climbing. I asked him which was harder, ascending or descending? He said without a doubt descending, because ascending you were so focused on reaching the top, you avoided mistakes.
The backside of a mountain is a fight against human nature,” he said. “You have to care as much about yourself on the way down as you did on the way up.”


“Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?”


“The shell must break before the bird can fly.”

“Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.”


“Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.”


“Death comes to us all; we can only choose how to face it when it comes.”


“Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourslef or to gossip about others. Use your power of your word in the direction of truth and love.”


“Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.”

“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”

“Arrange whatever pieces come your way.”

“If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”



“You are old beyond your years Zoeybird. Believe in yourself and you will find a way. But remember darkness does not always equate to evil just like light does not always bring good.”


“Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?”

“Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.”


“I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength”

“To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America... with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.”

“We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.”

“Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.”


“Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”


“All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.”


“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”


“If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian...I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.”

“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”

“Let's start a new tomorrow, today.”


“And I think that's what our world is desperately in need of - lovers, people who are building deep, genuine relationships with fellow strugglers along the way, and who actually know the faces of the people behind the issues they are concerned about.”


“I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.”

“Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?"
"In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.”


“If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.”

“A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.”


“Were I a Roman Catholic, perhaps I should on this occasion vow to build a chapel to some saint, but as I am not, if I were to vow at all, it should be to build a light-house.
[Letter to his wife, 17 July 1757, after narrowly avoiding a shipwreck; often misquoted as "Lighthouses are more helpful than churches."]”


“The library smells like old books — a thousand leather doorways into other worlds. I hear silence, like the mind of God. I feel a presence in the empty chair beside me. The librarian watches me suspiciously. But the library is a sacred place, and I sit with the patron saint of readers. Pulsing goddess light moves through me for one moment like a glimpse of eternity instantly forgotten. She is gone. I smell mold, I hear the clock ticking, I see an empty chair. Ask me now and I'll say this is just a place where you can't play music or eat. She's gone. The library sucks.”


“May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.”


“Those who travel to mountain-tops are half in love with themselves, and half in love with oblivion.”


“Aslan: You doubt your value. Don't run from who you are.”


“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”


“Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.”

“It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.”


“The doubters said,
"Man can not fly,"
The doers said,
"Maybe, but we'll try,"
And finally soared
In the morning glow
While non-believers
Watched from below.”

“By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream”

“Your daughter is ugly.
She knows loss intimately,
carries whole cities in her belly.
As a child, relatives wouldn’t hold her.
She was splintered wood and sea water.
They said she reminded them of the war.
On her fifteenth birthday you taught her
how to tie her hair like rope
and smoke it over burning frankincense.
You made her gargle rosewater
and while she coughed, said
macaanto girls like you shouldn’t smell
of lonely or empty.
You are her mother.
Why did you not warn her,
hold her like a rotting boat
and tell her that men will not love her
if she is covered in continents,
if her teeth are small colonies,
if her stomach is an island
if her thighs are borders?
What man wants to lay down
and watch the world burn
in his bedroom?
Your daughter’s face is a small riot,
her hands are a civil war,
a refugee camp behind each ear,
a body littered with ugly things
but God,
doesn’t she wear
the world well.”

“Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”



“We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.”


“People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That’s how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be “correct” or “true”? Merely vague concepts… Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?”

“On no subject are our ideas more warped and pitiable than on death. ... Let children walk with nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life, and that the grave has no victory, for it never fights.”


“To every problem, there is a most simple solution.”


“As for what it's against - the story is against those who pervert and misuse religion, or any other kind of doctrine with a holy book and a priesthood and an apparatus of power that wields unchallengeable authority, in order to dominate and suppress human freedoms.”


“My life is very monotonous," the fox said. "I hunt chickens: men hunt me. All the chickens are just alike, and all the men are just alike. And, in consequence, I am a little bored. But if you tame me, it will be as if the sun came to shine on my life. I shall know the sound of a step that will be different from all the others. Other steps send me hurrying back underneath the ground. Yours will call me, like music, out of my burrow. And then look: you see the grain fields down yonder? [...] The wheat fields have nothing to say to me. And that is sad. But you have hair that is the color of gold. Think how wonderful that will be when you have tamed me! The grain, which is also golden, will bring me back to the thought of you. And I shall love to listen to the wheat in the wind...”

“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”

“There are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express the depth of my love for you.”


“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!”


“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.”

“Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.”


“Until justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.”

“Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.”

“The purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink.”

“Storms make trees take deeper roots.”

“What I’ve realized is that life doesn’t count for much unless you’re willing to do your small part to leave our children — all of our children — a better world. Any fool can have a child. That doesn’t make you a father. It’s the courage to raise a child that makes you a father.”

“Day after day, day after day,
We stuck, nor breath nor motion;
As idle as a painted ship
Upon a painted ocean.”


“When I try, I fail.
When I trust,
He succeeds.”

“We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.”


“Feel your emotions,
Live true your passions,
Keep still your mind.”

“Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.”

“I don’t want anyone to hold back who they are. It’s not okay… it’s not a good thing”

“impossible is not a word”


“Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”


“Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.”

“Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs”

“It is a serious thing to live in a society of possible gods and goddesses, to remember that the dullest most uninteresting person you can talk to may one day be a creature which,if you saw it now, you would be strongly tempted to worship, or else a horror and a corruption such as you now meet, if at all, only in a nightmare. All day long we are, in some degree helping each other to one or the other of these destinations. It is in the light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all of our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub, and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors.”



“Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.”


“Hiduplah Untuk Memberi yang Sebanyak-banyaknya, Bukan untuk Menerima yang Sebanyak-banyaknya. (Pak Harfan)”


“Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.”

“The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.”


“being afraid to take chances is scarier than actually doing things that challenge you.”


“If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.”

“Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.”


“We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.”

“The treacherous are ever distrustful.”


“Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world. Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be. We must learn to penetrate things and find God there.”

“For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.”


“When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.”


“Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”

“It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.”

“Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly.”

“Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.”


“If you don’t have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?”

“Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.”

“Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.”


“I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.”


“I’d rather welcome change than cling to the past.”


“Dance like you're stamping on a human face forever, love like you've been in a serious car crash that minced the front of your brain, stab like no one can arrest you, and live like there's no such thing as God.”

“Were knowledge all, what were our need
To thrill and faint and sweetly bleed?”

“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”

“A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.”


“When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.”

“Mother is a verb. It's something you do. Not just who you are.”


“إن كان في حياتك تمّة شئٌ يستحقُ التأجيل ... فليكن التأجيلُ نفسُه”


“The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.”

“We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.”



“To touch the soul of another human being is to walk on holy ground.”

“Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.”


“Brimstone once told me that to stay true in the face of evil is a feat of strength.”


“it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.”

“Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.”

“People are always telling me that i'm not like other girls...that i dont dress like other girls...that i dont act like other girls. But i'm my OWN person...i go to the beat of my own drum.”

“I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.”

“Not everyone
has
to be the Chosen One. Not everyone has to be the guy who saves the world. Most people just have to live their lives the best they can, doing things that are great for
them
, having great friends, trying to make their lives better, loving people properly. All the while knowing that the world makes no sense but trying to find a way to be happy anyway.”


“There is
a time to live
and a time to die
but never to reject the moment.”

“Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.”

“Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.”

“Man jadda wajada
Siapa yang bersungguh - sungguh, akan berhasil”

“What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.
It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.”

“She made broken look beautiful
and strong look invincible.
She walked with the Universe
on her shoulders and made it
look like a pair of wings.”

“In the end, everything is a gag.”

“We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.”

“Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.”


“So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?”

“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”

“Forgive me for being so ordinary while claiming to know so extraordinary a God.”

“Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.”

“It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.”

“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”


“I don't think we get answers to every question. We don't get all the whys. But I think when we look back to the end of our lives, if we do the best we can, and we will see that the things we begged God to take from us, the things we cursed him for, the things that made us turn our backs on him, are the things that were the biggest blessings, the biggest opportunities for growth.”


“They alone live, who live for others.”

“I don't regret the painful times; I bare my scars as if they were medals.”

“Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.”

“To me, when someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself. Caleb's betrayal is something we both carry, and since he did it, all I've wanted is for him to take its weight away from me. I am not sure that I'm capable of shouldering it all myself - not sure that I am strong enough, or good enough.”


“I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.”


“Pegang tanganku, tapi jangan terlalu erat, karena aku ingin seiring dan bukan digiring.(Spasi)”



“You have every right to a beautiful life.”

“Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.”


“Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”

“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.”

“Never let anybody guess that you have a mind of your own. Above all be pure”

“How does one become a butterfly? They have to want to learn to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.”


“I realize that life is risks. It’s acknowledging the past but looking forward. It’s taking a chance that we will
make mistakes but believing that we all deserve to be forgiven.”


“There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.”


“We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.”

“I do like the world quite a lot.”


“Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!”


“Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.”

“To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.”


“Be like the flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.”

“Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)
Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)
One time.
When I met ya girl my heart when knock (knock knock)
Now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop (stop stop)
Even love is a struggle and it's all we got.
So we gun keep keep climbing to the mountain top.
'Cause your world, is my world, and my breath is your breath, and my heart is yours...”

“Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.”


“I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.”

“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”


“This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.”


“But there's always a first time for everything”


“A successful marriage requires falling in love many times -- always with the same person.”

“I don't think you should wait. I think you should speak now.”


“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”


“No matter who we are, no matter what our circumstances, our feelings and emotions are universal. And music has always been a great way to make people aware of that connection. It can help you open up a part of yourself and express feelings you didn't know you were feeling. It's risky to let that happen. But it's a risk you have to take-because only then will you find you're not alone.”

“All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.”

“The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.”

“In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.”


“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”


“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”


“Hard times build determination and inner strength. Through them we can also come to appreciate the uselessness of anger. Instead of getting angry nurture a deep caring and respect for troublemakers because by creating such trying circumstances they provide us with invaluable opportunities to practice tolerance and patience.”

“When God had made The Man, he made him out of stuff that sung all the time and glittered all over. Some angels got jealous and chopped him into millions of pieces, but still he glittered and hummed. So they beat him down to nothing but sparks but each little spark had a shine and a song. So they covered each one over with mud. And the lonesomeness in the sparks make them hunt for one another.”



“Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must — at that moment — become the center of the universe.”

“Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.”

“What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.”


“I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots. I believe that this life is not all; neither the beginning nor the end. I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.”


“You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love.”

“Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.”


“I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.”

“What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?”

“Can a dream be wrong? Aren't dreams God's way of telling you things?”

“The cause of most of man's unhappiness is sacrificing what he wants most for what he wants now.”

“The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.”

“و عندما تحس و أنت تقرأ بمثل حركة الرادار، فقف..
إن عقلك قد وجد نفسه هنا.. و إنك الآن أمام كلمة أو عبارة تحمل لك فيضاً من الأسرار و الأفكار، إذا أنت تدبرتها و نحيّت الكتاب جانباً لتتأمل هذه العبارة التي اهتز لها وجدانك ، واختلج عقلك..
لا تهمل هذه الومضات التي تواتيك و أنت تقرأ .. فإنها مفاتيح كنوز جليلة..
عندما تبلغ عبارة تمس روحك مس الكهرباء ، و تحس فيها شيئاً يستوقفك و يبهرك، فنح الكتاب قليلاً ، و أصغ لما توحيه إليك، و فكر فيها. ستفتح بصيرتك إلى عالم من الأفكار جديد..
و هذه مزية القراءة.
فنحن لا نقرأ لنزيد معلوماتنا، و ننمي معارفنا فحسب، بل نقرأ لأن القراءة تلهمنا، و تطل بنا إلى أفكار عذراء تنتظرنا لنكشفها و نضيفها إلى تراث الفكر الإنساني.”

“Truth builds trust.”

“It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.”


“Here lies one whose name was writ on water.”

“Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...”


“I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.”

“May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch”

“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”


“Life doesn't just happen to you; you
receive everything in your life based on what you've given.”

“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”


“We are constantly invited to be who we are.”

“I wish that all nations may recover and retain their independence; that those which are overgrown may not advance beyond safe measures of power, that a salutary balance may be ever maintained among nations, and that our peace, commerce, and friendship, may be sought and cultivated by all. It is our business to manufacture for ourselves whatever we can, to keep our markets open for what we can spare or want; and the less we have to do with the amities or enmities of Europe, the better. Not in our day, but at no distant one, we may shake a rod over the heads of all, which may make the stoutest of them tremble.
But I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that
the less we use our power, the greater it will be
.”


“Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live.”

“Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.”


“Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.”


“A truth that no one knows is still the truth.”


“The atheist staring from his attic window is often nearer to God than the believer caught up in his own false image of God.”

“Don't limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time.”

“When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.”

“One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake through great periods of social change. Every society has its protectors of status quo and its fraternities of the indifferent who are notorious for sleeping through revolutions. Today, our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change.”

“It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.”

“The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen”



“I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free.”

“Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.”


“Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.”

“Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons." Malala Yousafzai, the schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban for wanting an education and survived, in her keynote speech to the United Nations, 12th July 2013.”


“Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.”


“It used to be about trying to do something. Now it's about trying to be someone.”

“There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.”

“Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.”


“One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds. Much of the damage inflicted on land is quite invisible to laymen. An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise.”


“Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.”

“You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.”


“He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.”


“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”

“You will write if you will write without thinking of the result in terms of a result, but think of the writing in terms of discovery, which is to say that creation must take place
between the pen and the paper, not before in a thought or afterwards in a recasting...
It will come if it is there and if you will let it come.”

“Life did not stop, and one had to live.”


“The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.”

“In this country we have no place for hyphenated Americans.”

“There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”

“Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.”

“It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.”

“I shut my eyes in order to see.”

“Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.”

“We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form.”

“Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?”

“I was good and bad, but never wicked.”

“In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.”



“A thousand words leave not the same deep impression as does a single deed.”

“Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.”


“None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.”

“And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.”


“I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”

“Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself...
You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”

“Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.”

“Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.”


“The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.”


“You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.”


“Be a true Heart, not a follower.”

“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”


“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”


“God only allows us to see such things when he wants something to change”


“It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.”

“Life consists of what man is thinking about all day.”

“It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.”

“If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.”

“the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.”


“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”


“You told me once of the plants that lie dormant through the drought, that wait, half-dead, deep in the earth. The plants that wait for the rain. You said they'd wait for years, if they had to; that they'd almost kill themselves before they grew again. But as soon as those first drops of water fall, those plants begin to stretch and spread their roots. They travel up through the soil and sand to reach the surface. There's a chance for them again.”


“It may not feel too classy, begging just to eat
But you know who does that?
Lassie, and she always gets a treat
So you wonder what your part is
Because you're homeless and depressed But home is where the heart is
So your real home's in your chest
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got villains they must face
They're not as cool as mine
But folks you know it's fine to know your place
Everyone's a hero in their own way
In their own not-that-heroic way
So I thank my girlfriend Penny
Yeah, we totally had sex
She showed me there's so many different muscles I can flex
There's the deltoids of compassion,
There's the abs of being kind
It's not enough to bash in heads
You've got to bash in minds
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got something they can do Get up go out and fly
Especially that guy, he smells like poo
Everyone's a hero in their own way
You and you and mostly me and you
I'm poverty's new sheriff
And I'm bashing in the slums
A hero doesn't care if you're a bunch of scary alcoholic bums
Everybody!
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone can blaze a hero's trail
Don't worry if it's hard
If you're not a friggin 'tard you will prevail
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's a hero in their...”


“there is no moment more precious than the exact moment you are living now”


“Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.”

“Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.”


“You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.”


“Quit being so hard on yourself. We are what we are; we love what we love. We don't need to justify it to anyone... not even to ourselves.”


“The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.”

“The wise warrior avoids the battle.”


“Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged. Whatever we were to each other, that we are still. Call me by the old familiar name. Speak of me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me, pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it. Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same as it ever was. There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? I am but waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near, just round the corner. All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again!”



“The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.”


“If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. ”


“If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.”


“Love me or hate me I promise that it will never make or break me...<3”


“The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.”

“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”

“Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.”

“So, have we solved the secret of happiness?
"I believe so," he said
Are you going to tell me?
"Yes.Ready?"
Ready.
"Be satisfied."
That's it?
"Be greatful."
That's it?
"For what you have.For the love you receive.And for what God has given you."
That's it?
He looked me in the eye.Then he sighed deeply.
"That's it.”


“Don't turn over the rocks if you don't want to see the pale creatures who live under them.”


“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”

“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”

“Never give up.
It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.”


“Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.”


“There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do?
Morrie Schwartz”


“Death twitches my ear;
'Live,' he says...
'I'm coming.”

“We are not helpless...Many times in our lives we’ve been powerless, but not this night. Right now we have the power to choose the manner in which we die. If you have been a master of nothing else in all your days, you are now a master of this moment. And I for one am going to give such an answer to this insult that others will dearly regret not being by my side to see it!”


“People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.”


“I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.”


“Never follow the crowd.”

“A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.”


“when you're cool for twenty,
you get paid for twenty-one.”

“The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.”

“When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.”


“Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace.”


“And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.... Don't settle”

“Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.”


“Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.”

“I feel infinite.”


“Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”

“If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.”

“You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!”

“That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.”



“The motive behind criticism often determines its validity. Those who care criticize where necessary. Those who envy criticize the moment they think that they have found a weak spot.”


“You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.”

“If we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love, and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of ‘I could have, I should have’. We can sleep in a storm. And when its time, our goodbyes will be complete.”


“A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings.”

“It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.”

“The difference we wanna make is number one to let these kids know that they’re not alone, that they’re actually not that messed up and that they can do whatever they want; they can express themselves however they want, without being persecuted or called a faggot or some kind of racist thing. You know, really just to get people to get over their stuff so they can live.”

“To read is to empower,
To empower is to write,
To write is to influence,
To influence is to change,
To change is to live".”

“In life, people tend to wait for good things to come to them. And by waiting, they miss out. Usually, what you wish for doesn't fall in your lap; it falls somewhere nearby, and you have to recognize it, stand up, and put in the time and work it takes to get to it. This isn't because the universe is cruel. It's because the universe is smart. It has its own cat-string theory and knows we don't appreciate things that fall into our laps.”


“You can't go home again”

“Pesimistik tidak lebih daripada sikap takbur mendahului nasib.”


“Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.”

“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”

“Keep me up till five because all your stars are out, and for no other reason…Oh dare to do it Buddy! Trust your heart. You’re a deserving craftsman. It would never betray you. Good night. I’m feeling very much over-excited now, and a little dramatic, but I think I’d give almost anything on earth to see you writing a something, an anything, a poem, a tree, that was really and truly after your own heart.”


“How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”


“Di jalan cinta para pejuang, biarkan cinta berhenti di titik ketaatan.. Meloncati rasa suka dan tidak suka.. Melampaui batas cinta dan benci.. Karena hikmah sejati tak selalu terungkap di awal pagi.. Karena seringkali kebodohan merabunkan kesan sesaat.. Maka taat adalah prioritas yang kadang membuat perasaan-perasaan terkibas.. Tapi yakinlah, di jalan cinta para pejuang, Alloh lebih tahu tentang kita..”


“What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.”


“Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it.”

“What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.”


“It is when things are at worst you will get the best.”


“Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.”

“Seberapa indah mimpi, jika tetap mimpi?”


“Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.”

“You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.”

“The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.”


“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”

“If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.”


“Again and again I will suffer; again and again I will get back on my feet. I will not be defeated. I won't let my spirit be destroyed.”


“Dare to love yourself
as if you were a rainbow
with gold at both ends.”



“Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other... I know I've spent each life before this one searching for you. Not someone like you but you, for your soul and mine must always come together.”


“If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.”

“Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.”

“If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?”


“Silence is argument carried out by other means.”

“Great victory requires great risk.
-Hera”


“Love, being in love, isn’t a constant thing. It doesn’t always flow at the same strength. It’s not always like a river in flood. It’s more like the sea. It has tides, it ebbs and flows. The thing is, when love is real, whether it’s ebbing or flowing, it’s always there, it never goes away. And that’s the only proof you can have that it is real, and not just a crush or an infatuation or a passing fancy”


“Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.”


“she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.”


“Freedom is...the right to write the wrong words.”

“There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.”


“I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.”


“Delisa cinta ummi karena Allah.”


“Sad stories make good books”


“You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind.” -Hera, goddess of marriage ”

“You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.”

“The terrible thing, the almost impossible thing, is to hand over your whole self--all your wishes and precautions--to Christ. But it is far easier than what we are all trying to do instead. For what we are trying to do is to remain what we call "ourselves," to keep personal happiness as our great aim in life, and yet at the same time be "good.”


“For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.”


“There are people who have money and people who are rich.”

“That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!”


“Sameron adion aso
I shall sing a sweeter song tomorrow”

“We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.”


“Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.”

“The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..”


“‗In life, at sometime or another we come to a point where all relationships cease—where there is only us and Allah. There are no parents, brother or sister, or any friend. Then we realise that there is no earth under us nor is there sky above, but only Allah who is supporting us in this emptiness. Then we realise our worth – it is not more than a grain of sand or the leaf of a plant. Then we realise our existence is only confined to our being. Our demise makes not a whit of difference to the world around us, nor to the scheme of things.”


“I can see it. This one moment when you know you’re not a sad story. You’re alive. And you stand up and see the lights and the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you’re listening to that song in that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear… we are infinite.”

“Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship”


“Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.”

“It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.”

“Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.”



“When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.”


“Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...”

“I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven”

“You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.”

“I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.”

“Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector...and miss.”


“Dive deep. Drown willingly”


“There are only two forces at work in this world- black and white. Only people are grey.”


“To save all we must risk all.”


“There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.”


“The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.”


“Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.”

“You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen. There is an art of conducting oneself in the lower regions by the memory of what one saw higher up. When one can no longer see, one can at least still know.”

“Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world.”

“Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.”


“I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.”


“It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,
A beautiful day for a neighbor.
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?...
It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood,
A neighborly day for a beauty.
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?...
I've always wanted to have a neighbor just like you.
I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you.
So, let's make the most of this beautiful day.
Since we're together we might as well say:
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?
Won't you be my neighbor?
Won't you please,
Won't you please?
Please won't you be my neighbor?”

“In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.”

“He was talking about the sign that said 'THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE.'
'All knew was that I didn't want my daughter or anybody's child to see a message that negative every time she comes into the library,' he said. 'And then I found out it was you who was responsible for it.'
'What's so negative about it?' I said.
'What could be a more negative word than "futility"?' he said.
'"Ignorance,"' I said.”


“The fallen angel becomes a malignant devil. Yet even that enemy of God and man had friends and associates in his desolation; I am alone.”


“Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.”


“True beauty lies in purity of the heart.”

“There is nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it.”


“Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.”

“Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.”


“You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it”


“Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.”


“Enjoy the limitless bliss consciousness here and now. The reality of you lies much beyond your sensory perceptions and boundaries.”

“Prayer is the sign of your weakness. Rely on your inner strength. You will be the winner.”

“I never loved another person the way I loved myself.”

“Don't forget your history nor your destiny”

“One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.”



“Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.”


“Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.”


“The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?”

“Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop”


“Do you know the hallmark of a second rater? It's resentment of another man's achievement. Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire. They bare their teeth at you from out of their rat holes,thinking that you take pleasure in letting your brilliance dim them - while you'd give a year of my life to see a flicker of talent anywhere among them. They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear. They have no way of knowing what he feels when surrounded by inferiors - hatred? no, not hatred, but boredom - the terrible, hopeless, draining, paralyzing boredom. Of what account are praise and adulation from men whom you don't respect? Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?"
"I've felt it all my life," she said.”


“This is who the fuck I am.”

“Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also”


“90% of the game is half mental.”


“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”

“We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.”


“It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.”

“Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?”


“What I stand for is what I stand on.”

“Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great, you can be that generation”

“I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!”


“It's not about finding ways to avoid God's judgment and feeling like a failure if you don't do everything perfectly. It's about fully experiencing God's love and letting it perfect you. It's not about being somebody you are not. It's about becoming who you really are.”


“If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.”

“This first glance of a soul which does not yet know itself is like dawn in the heavens; it is the awakening of something radiant and unknown.”


“Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.”

“And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.”


“Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.”


“because he's Will”


“Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.”


“
Baby you're a firework, c'mon show 'em what you're worth...
" ~Firework”

“Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records”


“Hope like that, as I thought before, doesn’t make you a weak person. It’s hopelessness that makes you weak. Hope makes you stronger, because it brings with it a sense of reason. Not a reason for how or why they were taken from you, but a reason for you to live. Because it’s a maybe. A ‘maybe someday things won’t always be this shit.’ And that ‘maybe’ immediately makes the shittiness better.”


“Searching outside of you is Samsara (the world). Searching within you leads to Nirvana.”


“I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.”



“We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.”

“But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine.
Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others - even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.”


“Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.”


“In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.”

“When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that’s when he won’t want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.”

“There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves”

“It's not whether you got knocked down; it's whether you get back up.”

“Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.”


“You're not alone
Together we stand
I'll be by your side, you know I'll take your hand
When it gets cold
And it feels like the end
There's no place to go
You know I won't give in”

“Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.”

“You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.”

“And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.”


“Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.”


“Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.”


“I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." ”

“This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!”

“I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.”

“Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly”

“Sometimes the best of gods gift's arrive by the shattering of all the window panes.”


“...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.”


“We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.”


“That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind”

“If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.”

“When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.”

“Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.”

“It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.”

“Either you run the day or the day runs you..”

“Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.”

“The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I... I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.”

“Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight,
At the sound of his roar, sorrows will be no more,
When he bares his teeth, winter meets its death,
And when he shakes his mane, we shall have spring again.”



“I know it is hard for you young mothers to believe that almost before you can turn around the children will be gone and you will be alone with your husband. You had better be sure you are developing the kind of love and friendship that will be delightful and enduring. Let the children learn from your attitude that he is important. Encourage him. Be kind. It is a rough world, and he, like everyone else, is fighting to survive. Be cheerful. Don't be a whiner.”


“When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.”


“Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.”

“In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.”

“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”


“God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.”

“A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.”


“Total paranoia is just total awareness.”

“She is delightfully chaotic; a beautiful mess. Loving her is a splendid adventure.”

“When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.”

“The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”


“a dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. a man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.”

“The future doesn't belong to the light-hearted. It belongs to the brave.”

“Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead”

“Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.”

“Everything ends, and Everything matters.
Everything matters not in spite of the end of you and all that you love, but because of it. Everything is all you’ve got…and after Everything is nothing. So you were wise to welcome Everything, the good and the bad alike, and cling to it all. Gather it in. Seek the meaning in sorrow and don’t ever turn away, not once, from here until the end. Because it is all the same, it is all unfathomable, and it is all infinitely preferable to the one dreadful alternative.”


“I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE AND THE CAPTAIN OF MY DESTINY.”

“Sometimes you just have to jump out the window and grow wings on the way down.”

“Leaders live by choice, not by accident.”

“I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. ”

“When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it.”

“... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.”


“Stories are like genies...They can carry us into and though our sorrows. Sometimes they burn, sometimes they dance, sometimes they weep, sometimes they sing. Like genies, everyone has one. Like genies, sometimes we forget that we do.
Our stories can set us free...When we set them free.”

“Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.”


“Hidup hanya ada erti pada yang bahagia.”


“I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.”

“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”


“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”


“You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.”

“Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.”

“It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.”

“When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.”

“You can't always judge people by the things they done. You got to judge them by what they are doing now.”



“I used to have a sign pinned up on my wall that read: Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us...It was all about letting go of everything. p.7”


“My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.”


“We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment. ”


“Unhappy memories are persistent. They're specific, and it's the details that refuse to leave us alone. Though a happy memory may stay with you just as long as one that makes you miserable, what you remember softens over time. What you recall is simply that you were happy, not necessarily the individual moments that brought about your joy.
But the memory of something painful does just the opposite. It retains its original shape, all bony fingers and pointy elbows. Every time it returns, you get a quick poke in the eye or jab in the stomach. The memory of being unhappy has the power to hurt us long after the fact. We feel the injury anew each and every time we think of it.”


“A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.”


“No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.”


“Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.”


“God will answer you prayers better than you think. Of course, one will not always get exactly what he has asked for....We all have sorrows and disappointments, but one must never forget that, if commended to God, they will issue in good....His own solution is far better than any we could conceive.”

“She could hear, some way off, her brothers calling to each other in the woods behind the house. She hoped desperately that their game wouldn't bring them any closer, that they wouldn't scare the birds away.
Somehow she knew that you didn't get many moments like this in your life: moments when you knew, without any doubt, that you were alive, when you felt the air in your lungs and the wet grass beneath your feet and the cotton on your skin; moments when you were completely in the present, when neither the past nor the future mattered.
She tried to slow her breathing, hoping somehow to make this moment last forever.”


“Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64”


“Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.”


“Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.”


“Now don't you understand man universal law
What you throw out comes back to you, star
Never underestimate those who you scar
Cause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard”

“Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.”

“Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.”

“Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.”

“Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?”

“Do not lose hold of your dreams or aspirations. For if you do, you may still exist but you have ceased to live.”

“If you are her man, she will talk to you until there just
aren’t any more words left to say, encourage you when you’re
at rock bottom and think there just isn’t any way out, hold you
in her arms when you’re sick, and laugh with you when you’re
up. And if you’re her man and that woman loves you—I mean
really loves you?—she will shine you up when you’re dusty,
encourage you when you’re down, defend you even when she’s
not so sure you were right, and hang on your every word, even
when you’re not saying anything worth listening to.”


“Patience ensures victory.”

“Tragedy and adversary are the stones we sharpen our swords against so we can fight new battles.”


“Buy a pup and your money will buy
Love unflinching that cannot lie.”

“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”

“To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities... hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk... reach for it.”

“You can’t control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can’t do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else”

“Secangkir kopi yang dengan tenang menunggu kau minum itu tidak pernah mengusut kenapa kau bisa membedakan aromanya dari asap yang setiap hari kau hirup ketika berangkat dan pulang kerja di kota yang semakin tidak bisa mengerti kenapa mesti ada secangkir kopi yang tersedia di atas meja setiap pagi”

“Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.”



“I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.”

“Its more fun to think of the future than dwell on the past.”


“Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.”


“Jesus said several times, “Come, follow me.” His was a program of “do what I do,” rather than “do what I say.” His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.”

“I only hope that we never lose sight of one thing — that it was all started by a mouse.”

“We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.”


“Pressure makes diamonds”

“My sun sets to rise again.”

“I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead. ”

“Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.”


“Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.”

“Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?”


“When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy”

“This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.”

“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”

“The More we value things, the less we value ourselves”

“
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living
. I am not speaking, of course, of the beauty which strikes the senses, of the beauty of qualities and appearances. I am far from despising this, but it has nothing to do with science. What I mean is that more intimate beauty which comes from the harmonious order of its parts, and which a pure intelligence can grasp.”


“It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”


“Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.”


“The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.”

“Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative."
"Which is?"
"Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?”


“just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”


“See what I mean? You gotta be crazy. Ain't no time to be sane.”

“Don't count your owls before they are delivered.”


“I change the world, the world changes me.”

“Life is All About How you Handle Plan B
Plan A is always my first choice.
You know, the one where
Everything works out to be
Happily ever-after.
But more often than not,
I find myself dealing with
The upside-down, inside-out version --
Where nothing goes as it should.
It's at this point that the real
Test of my character comes in..
Do I sink, or do I swim?
Do I wallow in self pity and play the victim,
Or simply shift gears
And make the best of the situation?
The choice is all mine...
Life is all about how you handle Plan B.”


“If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.”

“A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”

“Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”

“You can't find someone who doesn't want to be found.”



“I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.”


“[T]he race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.”


“There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.”

“We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.”


“You lose nothing when fighting for a cause ... In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about.”

“Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
[Inaugural Address, January 20 1961]
”

“Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.”


“If you feel far from God, guess who moved?”


“Beannacht / Blessing
On the day when
the weight deadens
on your shoulders
and you stumble,
may the clay dance
to balance you.
And when your eyes
freeze behind
the grey window
and the ghost of loss
gets in to you,
may a flock of colours,
indigo, red, green,
and azure blue
come to awaken in you
a meadow of delight.
When the canvas frays
in the currach of thought
and a stain of ocean
blackens beneath you,
may there come across the waters
a path of yellow moonlight
to bring you safely home.
May the nourishment of the earth be yours,
may the clarity of light be yours,
may the fluency of the ocean be yours,
may the protection of the ancestors be yours.
And so may a slow
wind work these words
of love around you,
an invisible cloak
to mind your life.”


“Stop giving your life away to other people.”


“Idealisme adalah kemewahan terakhir yang hanya dimiliki oleh pemuda.”

“It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.”

“the purpose of life is the life of purpose”


“Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.”

“A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.”

“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.”


“I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.”

“Do not try to explain feelings. Live everything intensely and treasure what you feel as a gift from God.”


“God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.”

“You were born together, and together you shall be for evermore...But let there be spaces in your togetherness...Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not of the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.”

“Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.”

“Hope springs forever.”


“The moment you become miserly you are closed to the basic phenomenon of life: expansion, sharing. The moment you start clinging to things, you have missed the target--you have missed. Because things are not the target, you, your innermost being, is the target--not a beautiful house, but a beautiful you; not much money, but a rich you; not many things, but an open being, available to millions of things.”

“Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.”

“Therefore I would ask you to write all kinds of books, hesitating at no subject however trivial or however vast. By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream.”


“It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.”

“Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”


“I have a dream.” “Is your dream very big?” “No.” “Well is it very grand?” “Not either.” “Neither?” “Neither.” “What is it then?” “It is very shiny.”

“Beauty is the only human aspect which cannot be captured on any canvas howsoever hard an artist tries. At the most, the undaunted artist can replicate the beauty on paper but what is a replica in comparison to the original! The humbling resemblance can only be respected, not truly adored.
Beauty cannot be imprisoned in the lens of a camera. The images of beauty are a moment of its essence. Beauty cannot be displayed to evoke pleasure for all on a cinema screen. Those are just its imprints, mere illusions of its existence. Beauty cannot be described by words; it cannot be written or read about. There are no suitable words in all the languages of the world, ancient or modern to hold it between a paper and a pen or a script and an eye. Beauty can only be experienced from far, its delightful aroma can only be tasted through one’s eyes and its pleasurable sight can only be felt from the soul.
Beauty can only be best described at its origin through a befuddling silence, the kind that leaves one almost on the verge of a pleasurable death, just because one chooses beauty over life. There is nothing in this world to hold something so pure, so divine except a loving heart. And it is the only manner through which love recognises love; the language of love has no alphabet, no words.”

“The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.”

“Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.”



“The ground's generosity takes in our compost and grows beauty! Try to be more like the ground.”

“You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.”

“A daydreamer is prepared for most things.”

“Whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.”


“Every beginning has an end and every end is a new beginning.”


“At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.”

“It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living.”

“My young sisters, we have such hope for you. We have such great expectations for you. Don't settle for less than what the Lord wants you to be...
Give me a young woman who loves home and family, who reads and ponders the scriptures daily, who has a burning testimony of the Book of Mormon... Give me a young woman who is virtuous and who has maintained her personal purity, who will not settle for less than a temple marriage, and I will give you a young woman who will perform miracles for the Lord now and throughout eternity.”

“Woman is a delicate creature with strong emotions who has been created by the Almighty God to shoulder responsibility for educating society and moving toward perfection. God created woman as symbol of His own beauty and to give solace to her partner and her family.”

“You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.”


“Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear”

“I wanted to become the seeker, the aroused and passionate explorer, and it was better to go at it knowing nothing at all, always choosing the unmarked bottle, always choosing your own unproven method, armed with nothing but faith and a belief in astonishment.”


“Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.”


“You’re not a human being until you value something more than the life of your body. And the greater the thing you live and die for the greater you are.”


“Study, along the lines which the theologies have mapped, will never lead us to discovery of the fundamental facts of our existence. That goal must be attained by means of exact science and can only be achieved by such means. The fact that man, for ages, has superstitiously believed in what he calls a God does not prove at all that his theory has been right. There have been many gods – all makeshifts, born of inability to fathom the deep fundamental truth. There must be something at the bottom of existence, and man, in ignorance, being unable to discover what it is through reason, because his reason has been so imperfect, undeveloped, has used, instead, imagination, and created figments, of one kind or another, which, according to the country he was born in, the suggestions of his environment, satisfied him for the time being. Not one of all the gods of all the various theologies has ever really been proved. We accept no ordinary scientific fact without the final proof; why should we, then, be satisfied in this most mighty of all matters, with a mere theory?
Destruction of false theories will not decrease the sum of human happiness in future, any more than it has in the past... The days of miracles have passed. I do not believe, of course, that there was ever any day of actual miracles. I cannot understand that there were ever any miracles at all. My guide must be my reason, and at thought of miracles my reason is rebellious. Personally, I do not believe that Christ laid claim to doing miracles, or asserted that he had miraculous power...
Our intelligence is the aggregate intelligence of the cells which make us up. There is no soul, distinct from mind, and what we speak of as the mind is just the aggregate intelligence of cells. It is fallacious to declare that we have souls apart from animal intelligence, apart from brains. It is the brain that keeps us going. There is nothing beyond that.
Life goes on endlessly, but no more in human beings than in other animals, or, for that matter, than in vegetables. Life, collectively, must be immortal, human beings, individually, cannot be, as I see it, for they are not the individuals – they are mere aggregates of cells.
There is no supernatural. We are continually learning new things. There are powers within us which have not yet been developed and they will develop. We shall learn things of ourselves, which will be full of wonders, but none of them will be beyond the natural.
[
Columbian Magazine interview
]”

“Only children believe they're capable of everything.”


“The reward of a thing well done is having done it.”

“In the final analysis it is between you and God, it was never between you and them anyway.”

“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”


“You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.”


“Music, my rampart and my only one.”

“at your weakest, you end up showing more strength; at your lowest, you are suddenly lifted higher than you’ve ever been. They all border one another, these opposites and show how quickly we can be altered.”


“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”

“I am larger, better than I thought; I did not know I held so much goodness.
All seems beautiful to me.
Whoever denies me, it shall not trouble me;
Whoever accepts me, he or she shall be blessed, and shall bless me.”


“Every single desire can lead to dream and every single dream has possibility to become reality.”


“We're constantly being told what other people think we are, and that's why it is so important to know yourself.”

“What you do matters — but not much. What you
are
matters tremendously.”

“When we make our own misery we sometimes cling to it even when we want so bad to change, because misery is something we know. The misery is comfortable.”


“Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity”

“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?”

“Be ruthless about protecting writing days, i.e., do not cave in to endless requests to have "essential" and "long overdue" meetings on those days. The funny thing is that, although writing has been my actual job for several years now, I still seem to have to fight for time in which to do it. Some people do not seem to grasp that I still have to sit down in peace and write the books, apparently believing that they pop up like mushrooms without my connivance. I must therefore guard the time allotted to writing as a Hungarian Horntail guards its firstborn egg.”

“It is said that God has created man in his own image. But it may be that humankind has created God in the image of humankind.”



“إن النصر مع الصبر .. وإن الفرج مع الكرب .. وإن مع العسر يسرا”

“Life is one fool thing after another whereas love is two fool things after each other.”


“feminism is for everybody”

“Criticism - however valid or intellectually engaging - tends to get in the way of a writer who has anything personal to say. A tightrope walker may require practice, but if he starts a theory of equilibrium he will lose grace (and probably fall off).”


“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”


“While we may judge things as good or bad, karma doesn't. It's a simple case of like gets like, the ultimate balancing act, nothing more, nothing less. And if you're deteremined to fix every situation you deem as bad, or difficult, or somehow unsavory, then you rob the person of their own chance to fix it, learn from it, or even grow from it. Some things, no matter how painful, happen for a reason. A reason you or I may not be able to grasp at first sight, not without knowing a person's entire life story—their cumulative past. And to just barge in and interfere, no matter how well-intentioned, would be akin to robbing them of their journey. Something that's better not done.”


“Do you not then hear this horrible scream all around you that people usually call silence.”

“You look at yourself and you accept yourself for who you are, and once you accept yourself for who you are you become a better person.”

“What if she's all I give you in this life of ours, my love?" she asked quietly.
"Then I'll shout at the goddess in fury," he said fiercely. "I'll beg to know why I've been given so much when other men have so little.”


“When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray”

“No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That's the only way to keep the roads clear.”

“No matter how many people believe or don’t believe in you, you must be
the ultimate believer in yourself!”

“I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.”

“I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.”


“I held my heart back from positively accepting anything, since I was afraid of another fall, and in this condition of suspense I was being all the more killed.”


“Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar.
(Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”

“The world is your exercise book, the pages on which you do your sums. It is not reality, though you may express reality there if you wish. You are also free to write lies, or nonsense, or to tear the pages.”


“Is life too short to be taking this shit, or is life too short to be minding it?”

“Exuberance is beauty.”

“Each of us is an innkeeper who decides if there is room for Jesus!”

“Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort’s world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been seduced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slightest desire to become one of Voldemort’s followers!”
“Of course I haven’t!” said Harry indignantly. “He killed my mum and dad!”
“You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!” said Dumbledore loudly.”


“Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads.
Now, your Honor, you have been a boy; I have been a boy. And we have known other boys. The best way to understand somebody else is to put yourself in his place.
Is it within the realm of your imagination that a boy who was right, with all the prospects of life before him, who could choose what he wanted, without the slightest reason in the world would lure a young companion to his death, and take his place in the shadow of the gallows?
...No one who has the process of reasoning could doubt that a boy who would do that is not right.
How insane they are I care not, whether medically or legally. They did not reason; they could not reason; they committed the most foolish, most unprovoked, most purposeless, most causeless act that any two boys ever committed, and they put themselves where the rope is dangling above their heads....
Why did they kill little Bobby Franks?
Not for money, not for spite; not for hate. They killed him as they might kill a spider or a fly, for the experience. They killed him because they were made that way. Because somewhere in the infinite processes that go to the making up of the boy or the man something slipped, and those unfortunate lads sit here hated, despised, outcasts, with the community shouting for their blood.
. . . I know, Your Honor, that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that a pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without disturbing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame. I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain”


“We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.”

“People in general would rather die than forgive. It's
that
hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.”

“Every search begins with beginner’s luck. And every search ends with the victor’s being severely tested.”

“العدالة والشرف والصدق كلام له معنى وله مضمون وجميل وممكن وحقيقى، بدليل إن الإنسان إللى مايقدرش عليه بيدعيه ويمثله، ودليل إنه بيكلف بعض الناس حياتهم”


“Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.”

“It’s funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.”



“Time to toss the dice”

“What's unnatural is homophobia. Homo sapiens is the only species in all of nature that responds with hate to homosexuality.”


“kenangan itu cuma hantu di sudut pikir. selama kita diam dan ngga berbuat apa-apa, selamanya dia tetap jadi hantu, ngga akan pernah jadi kenyataan.”

“Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”

“You don't always have to kiss a lot of frogs to recognize a prince when you find one
-Henrietta Barett”


“I no longer agree to treat myself with disrespect. Every time a self-critical thought comes to mind, I will forgive the Judge and follow this comment with words of praise, self-acceptance, and love.”

“We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.”


“To exist in this vast universe for a speck of time is the great gift of life. Our tiny sliver of time is our gift of life. It is our only life. The universe will go on, indifferent to our brief existence, but while we are here we touch not just part of that vastness, but also the lives around us. Life is the gift each of us has been given. Each life is our own and no one else's. It is precious beyond all counting. It is the greatest value we can have. Cherish it for what it truly is..... Your life is yours alone. Rise up and live it.”

“Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness. To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable.”


“I will take the Ring", he said, "though I do not know the way.”


“Freedom is not having everything we crave, it's being able to go without the things we crave and being OK with it. ”

“After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.”


“Because sometimes there are problems bigger than this week’s end of the world and sometimes you just have to find the extraordinary in your ordinary life.”


“On Wednesday, when the sky is blue,
and I have nothing else to do,
I sometimes wonder if it's true
That who is what and what is who."
- Winnie-the-Pooh”

“I challenge every one of you who can hear me to rise to the divinity within you. Do we really realize what it means to be a child of God, to have within us something of the divine nature?”

“Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.”


“For a long while I have believed – this is perhaps my version of Sir Darius Xerxes Cama’s belief in a fourth function of outsideness – that in every generation there are a few souls, call them lucky or cursed, who are simply born not belonging, who come into the world semi-detached, if you like, without strong affiliation to family or location or nation or race; that there may even be millions, billions of such souls, as many non-belongers as belongers, perhaps; that, in sum, the phenomenon may be as “natural” a manifestation of human nature as its opposite, but one that has been mostly frustrated, throughout human history, by lack of opportunity.
And not only by that: for those who value stability, who fear transience, uncertainly, change, have erected a powerful system of stigmas and taboos against rootlessness, that disruptive, anti-social force, so that we mostly conform, we pretend to be motivated by loyalties and solidarities we do not really feel, we hide our secret identities beneath the false skins of those identities which bear the belongers’ seal of approval.
But the truth leaks out in our dreams; alone in our beds (because we are all alone at night, even if we do not sleep by ourselves), we soar, we fly, we flee. And in the waking dreams our societies permit, in our myths, our arts, our songs, we celebrate the non-belongers, the different ones, the outlaws, the freaks.
What we forbid ourselves we pay good money to watch, in a playhouse or a movie theater, or to read about between the secret covers of a book. Our libraries, our palaces of entertainment tell the truth. The tramp, the assassin, the rebel, the thief, the mutant, the outcast, the delinquent, the devil, the sinner, the traveler, the gangster, the runner, the mask: if we did not recognize in them our least-fulfilled needs, we would not invent them over and over again, in every place, in every language, in every time.”


“Republicans are for both the man and the dollar, but in case of conflict the man before the dollar.”

“Fear is how you lose your life...a little bit at a time...What we give to fear, we take away from...faith.”


“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.”

“The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts.”

“But as the years went on, I realised that what I really want to be, all told, is a human. Just a productive, honest, courteously treated human.”


“Survivors can't always choose their methods.”


“you cannot find happiness, outside the plan of happiness!”

“I would rather have 30 minutes of "wonderful" than a lifetime of nothing special.”

“A sail boat that sails backwards can never see the sun rise.”

“Live your life, no matter what that life is.”


“I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.”

“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”



“Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.”


“If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big ‘however’- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice…and never understood the difference between the two.”


“Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco. ”


“Warriors of light always have a certain gleam in their eyes.
They are of this world, they are part of the lives of others, and they set out on their journey with no saddlebags and no sandals. They are often cowardly. They do not always make the right decisions.
They suffer over the most trivial things, they have mean thoughts, and sometimes believe that they are incapable of growing. They frequently deem themselves unworthy of any blessing or miracle.
They are not always quite sure what they are doing here. They spend many sleepless nights, believing that their lives have no meaning.
That is why they are warriors of light. Because they make mistakes. Because they ask themselves questions. Because they are looking for a reason - and are sure to find it.”

“Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion. what a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.”

“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”


“Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.”


“Decide in your heart of hearts what really excites and challenges you, and start moving your life in that direction. Every decision you make, from what you eat to what you do with your time tonight, turns you into who you are tomorrow, and the day after that. Look at who you want to be, and start sculpting yourself into that person. You may not get exactly where you thought you'd be, but you will be doing things that suit you in a profession you believe in. Don't let life randomly kick you into the adult you don't want to become.”

“It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.”

“Man is, that he may have Joy.”


“Kalau lawan bicaramu mendengar dengan sepenuh hati, beban pikiranmu menjadi ringan. Kalau kamu tambah ruwet, meski yang mendengarkanmu tadi seolah serius mendengar, berarti dia tidak benar-benar hadir untukmu.”


“Too many locks, not enough keys.”

“If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.”

“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”

“I’ve been doing this a long time, and I’ve come to learn that predictions don’t mean much. Too much lies outside the realm of medical knowledge. A lot of what happens next comes down to you and your specific genetics, your attitude. No, there’s nothing we can do to stop the inevitable, but that’s not the point. The point is that you should try to make the most of the time you have left.”


“Saya akan pikul rahsia itu jika engkau percayakan kepada saya dan saya akan masukkan ke dalam perbendaharaan hati saya dan kemudian saya kunci pintunya erat-erat. Kunci itu akan saya lemparkan jauh-jauh sehingga seorang pun tak dapat mengambilnya kedalam lagi.”


“Time cannot be packaged and ribboned and left under trees for christmas morning.Time can't be given.But it can be shared”


“With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.”

“I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!”


“Tough times never last. Tough people do”

“The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.”

“The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.”

“Happiness is not having what you want, it is wanting what you have.”

“The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.”

“We cannot have a world where everyone is a victim. "I'm this way because my father made me this way. I'm this way because my husband made me this way." Yes, we are indeed formed by traumas that happen to us. But then you must take charge, you must take over, you are responsible.”

“To accomplish great things, we must not only act but also dream, not only plan, but also believe!”

“I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure”


“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”

“Most of us lead far more meaningful lives than we know. Often finding meaning is not about doing things differently; it is about seeing familiar things in new ways. ”


“You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.”



“Being Adam Parrish was a complicated thing, a wonder of muscles and organs, synapses and nerves. He was a miracle of moving parts, a study in survival. The most important thing to Adam Parrish, though, had always been free will, the ability to be his own master.
This was the important thing.
It had always been the important thing.
This was what it was to be Adam.”


“Do not waste the precious moments of this, your present reality, seeking to unveil all of life's secrets. Those secrets are a secret for a reason. Grant your God the benefit of the doubt. Use your NOW moment for the Highest Purpose- the creation and the expression of WHO YOU REALLY ARE. Decide who you are- who you want to be-and then do everything in your power to be that.
It is not nearly so important how well a message is received as how well it is sent. You cannot take responsibility for how well another accepts your truth; you can only ensure how well it is communicated. And by how well, I don't mean merely how clearly; I mean how lovingly, how compassionately, how sensitively, how courageously, and how completely.
If you think your life is about DOINGNESS, you do not understand what you are about. Your soul doesn't care what you do for a living-and when your life is over, neither will you. Your soul cares only about what you're BEING while you're doing whatever you're doing. It is a state of BEINGNESS the soul is after, not a state of doingness.”

“But as I have noticed on more than one occaision, life itself is unfair, and there is no complaint department, so we might as well accept things the way they happen, clean up the mess, and move on.”


“Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.”


“Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas.”


“arise,awake,stop not until your goal is achieved.”

“The creatures that inhabit this earth--be they human beings or animals--are here to contribute, each in its own particular way, to the beauty and prosperity of the world.”

“Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.”


“Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.”

“We all know we're going to die; what's important is the kind of men and women we are in the face of this.”


“Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.”


“In imagination she sailed over storied seas that wash the distant shining shores of "faëry lands forlorn," where lost Atlantis and Elysium lie, with the evening star for pilot, to the land of Heart's Desire. And she was richer in those dreams than in realities; for things seen pass away, but the things that are unseen are eternal.”


“take what you can from your dreams
Make them real as anything
It takes the work out of the courage”

“A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond. If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before. If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before.”

“A graceful refusal is better than a lengthy promise.”

“How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.”

“Dreams are the language of God.”


“It is foolish to tear one’s hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.”

“For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but of power and of love and of calm and well balanced mind and discipline and self-control.”


“Better to illuminate than merely to shine to deliver to others contemplated truths than merely to contemplate.”

“Abandon the urge to simplify everything, to look for formulas and easy answers, and to begin to think multidimensionally, to glory in the mystery and paradoxes of life, not to be dismayed by the multitude of causes and consequences that are inherent in each experience -- to appreciate the fact that life is complex.”

“And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.”

“When you become the image of your own imagination, it's the most powerful thing you could ever do.”

“Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.”


“I think being a teenager is such a compelling time period in your life--it gives you some of your worst scars and some of your most exhilarating moments. It's a fascinating place; old enough to feel truly adult, old enough to make decisions that affect the rest of your life, old enough to fall in love, yet, at the same time too young (in most cases) to be free to make a lot of those decisions without someone else's approval.”


“I've never quite believed that one chance is all I get”

“There will always be people who say it does not exist because they cannot have it. But I tell you it is true and that you have it and that you are lucky even if you die tomorrow.”


“Change isn't easy. Changing the way you live means changing the way you think, means changing what you believe about life. That's hard.”


“Better not to give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.”

“I used to think the world was broken down by tribes,' I said. 'By Black and White. By Indian and White. But I know this isn't true. The world is only broken into two tribes: the people who are assholes and the people who are not.”



“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”

“Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.”


“If you can dream it, you can do it.”

“To make real friends you have to put yourself out there. Sometimes people will let you down, but you can't let that stop you. If you get hurt, you just pick yourself up, dust off your feelings, and try again.”


“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”


“The difference between false memories and true ones is the
same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the
most real, the most brilliant.”

“Education is experience, and the essence of experience is self-reliance.”


“Christ is not valued at all, unless he is valued above all.”

“Great acts are made up of small deeds.”

“Real love never fails.”


“Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.”

“I have never felt that anything really mattered but knowing that you stood for the things in which you believed and had done the very best you could.”

“No other success can compensate for failure in the home.”

“Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”

“In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.”


“Pack a pillow and blanket and see as much of the world as you can.You will not regret it.”


“When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him.”

“Sometimes God makes better choices for us than we could have ever made for ourselves.”


“Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.”


“Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.”


“Our great human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.”


“Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' instead.”


“It always helps to think about other people instead of ourselves.”


“To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,
But life without meaning is the torture
Of restlessness and vague desire--
It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.”


“Go boldly and honestly through the world. Learn to love the fact that there is nobody else quite like you.”

“The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.”

“God's extraordinary work is most often done by ordinary people in the seeming obscurity of a home and family.”

“A sense of calm came over me. More and more often I found myself thinking, "This is where I belong. This is what I came into this world to do.”

“What is she to you anyway?"
"Here's my answer captain. She's the thing that made this all okay-the threadbare coats and the old boots and the guns that jams when you most need them to fire, the loneliness of knowing that you don't matter, that you will never matter, the fact that you're just another body, another uniform to be sent into the fold or the frost, another good boy who knows his place, who does his job, who doesn't ask questions, who will lie down and die and be forgotten. What is she? She's everything, you dumb son of a bitch.”


“Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me.”

“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”



“Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”


“Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people move our souls to dance. They awaken us to a new understanding with the passing whisper of their wisdom. Some people make the sky more beautiful to gaze upon. They stay in our lives for awhile, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same.”

“Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.”


“Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.”

“living eulogy.
she danced.
she sang. she took.
she gave.
she loved.
she created.
she dissented. she enlivened.
she saw. she grew. she sweated.
she changed.
she learned. she laughed.
she shed her skin.
she bled on the pages of her days,
she walked through walls,
she lived with intention.”

“follow your heart! (sppotedleafs motto)”


“You would have made a fine warrior, you know that?"
I am one. Death is my enemy."
Yeah, it is, isn't it." God, it made such sense that he'd bonded with her. She was a fighter… like him. "Your scalpel's your dagger."
Yup.”


“Approval is overrated...Approval and disapproval alike satisfy those who deliver it more than those who receive it. I don't care for approval, and I don't mind doing without.”

“Don’t allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn’t suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.”

“Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?”

“Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.”

“No matter how safe and beautiful it is, a cage is still a cage.”


“As you walk through forests
or the meadows of your mind,
Stop and talk to those you fear
Good friendships you may find”


“What affects one in a major way, affects all in a minor way.”

“just remember: i love you, and love yourselves. 'cause, little monsters, you were born that way baby.”


“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”

“Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.
Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.
Love is Life, Hatred is Death.”

“That's what you want to do? Then nothing beats a trial but a failure. Give it everything you've got. I've told you many times, 'Cant do is like Dont Care.' Neither of them have a home.”

“Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!”

“You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.”


“You must draw from that strength. You must increase it. And you must hold on to it because sometimes that small glimmer of inner strength is all that we have to help us press forward through the darkness.”


“Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.”

“Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way…”

“And to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading.”


“There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating college student.”


“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.”

“The warrior is Here, Now.”


“In order to know who you are you need to know God is.”

“‎"What does it mean if i'm afraid? Does it mean something bad is going to happen?" "No, it doesn't mean something bad is going to happen. It just means that you have the chance to be brave.”

“Normalness leads to sadness.”

“We often think of peace as the absence of war, that if powerful countries would reduce their weapon arsenals, we could have peace. But if we look deeply into the weapons, we see our own minds- our own prejudices, fears and ignorance. Even if we transport all the bombs to the moon, the roots of war and the roots of bombs are still there, in our hearts and minds, and sooner or later we will make new bombs. To work for peace is to uproot war from ourselves and from the hearts of men and women. To prepare for war, to give millions of men and women the opportunity to practice killing day and night in their hearts, is to plant millions of seeds of violence, anger, frustration, and fear that will be passed on for generations to come. ”



“Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.”


“You are doing God's work. You are doing it wonderfully well. He is blessing you, and He will bless you, --even--no, -especially--when your days and your nights may be most challenging. Like the woman who anonymously, meekly, perhaps even with hesitation and some embarrassment, fought her way through the crowd just to touch the hem of the Master's garment, so Christ will say to the women who worry and wonder and weep over their responsibility as mothers, `Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole.' And it will make your children whole as well.”

“We all have same beginning (BIRTH), and we will have same ending (DEATH). So how different can we be?”


“We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes. To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young -- not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age -- and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words.”

“[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.”


“You will make all kinds of mistakes; but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her. She was meant to be wooed and won by youth.”


“Dear Human:
You've got it all wrong.
You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return.
You came here to learn personal love.
Universal love.
Messy love.
Sweaty Love.
Crazy love.
Broken love.
Whole love.
Infused with divinity.
Lived through the grace of stumbling.
Demonstrated through the beauty of... messing up.
Often.
You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are.
You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous.
And rising again into remembering.
But unconditional love? Stop telling that story.
Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives.
It doesn't require modifiers.
It doesn't require the condition of perfection.
It only asks you to show up.
And do your best.
That you stay present and feel fully.
That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU.
Its enough.
It's Plenty.”

“You are stronger than you know.”

“My atheism, like that of
, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.”


“What fire does not destroy, it hardens”


“Bukan mudah untuk berubah... dari tanpa arah ke sejadah, dari tepi jalanan ke sujud menghadap Tuhan.”


“When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you.”

“If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is. If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there's room to hear more subtle things - that's when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more. Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment. You see so much more than you could see before. It's a discipline; you have to practice it.”


“Work is a blessing. God has so arranged the world that work is necessary, and He gives us hands and strength to do it. The enjoyment of leisure would be nothing if we had only leisure. It is the joy of work well done that enables us to enjoy rest, just as it is the experiences of hunger and thirst that make food and drink such pleasures.”


“Champions are made from something they have deep inside of them-a desire, a dream, a vison.”

“Be creative, be useful, be practical, be generous and finish big”


“You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.”


“A book series is never truly over. The story lives on, even when the final page has been turned.”

“When one flower blooms spring awakens everywhere”

“It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him.
Such is the manner of our seeing. Such the conditions of our love.”


“Plus there’s the fact,” he went on, making it clear he didn’t need me to reply anyway, “that music is a total constant. That’s why we have such a strong visceral connection to it, you know? Because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment. Which is pretty amazing, when you actually think about it.”


“The moment you stop worrying about success is when success will happen.”

“Bunkum and tummyrot! You'll never get anywhere if you go about what-iffing like that. Would Columbus have discovered America if he'd said 'What if I sink on the way over? What if I meet pirates? What if I never come back?' He wouldn't even have started.”

“It's daring to be curious about the unknown, to dream big dreams, to live outside prescribed boxes, to take risks, and above all, daring to investigate the way we live until we discover the deepest treasured purpose of why we are here.”


“We Greeks believe that a man who takes no part in public affairs is not merely lazy, but good for nothing”

“I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect it.”

“No one invites you to the top - you have to claw your way up. When you get there, you will sit with the others who were also uninvited - giggling. ”

“A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more in your relationship that you breathe life into it.”



“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
[Quoting Reverend Phillips Brooks, during Remarks at Presidential Prayer Breakfast, February 7 1963]
”

“I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.”


“If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. ”

“Berputar menjadi sesuatu yang bukan kita, demi bisa menjadi diri kita lagi.”

“Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.”

“In the name of the best within you, do not sacrifice this world to those who are at its worst. In the name of the values that keep you alive, do not let your vision of people be distorted by the ugly, the cowardly, the mindless in those who have never achieved integrity. Do not lose your knowledge that our proper estate is an upright posture,
an intransigent mind and a step that travels unlimited roads. Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark, in the hopeless swamps of the approximate, the not-quite, the not-yet, the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish, in lonely frustration for the life you deserved, but have never been able to reach. Check your road and the nature of your battle. The world you desired can be won, it exists, it is real, it's yours.”

“Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not.”

“Be compassionate ... and take responsibility for each other. If we only learned those lessons, this world would be a better place.”


“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”


“A woman could be as beautiful as she felt herself to be.”


“Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old...
- Wang Lung”


“Too many people realize at the end of their lives that they've taken for granted those who really love them. ”


“Words are tears that have been written down. Tears are words that need to be shed. Without them, joy loses all its brilliance and sadness has no end.”


“Somehow difficulties are easier to endure when you know your dream is waiting for you at the end.”


“Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.”

“If you don't feel as close to God today as you did yesterday, who moved?”


“It is better to fill your head with useless knowledge than no knowledge at all.”


“Sometimes you've got to be able to listen to yourself and be okay with no one else understanding.”


“Rich People plan for three generations
Poor people plan for Saturday night”

“People need not fear the unknown if they are capable of achieving what they need and want.”


“It is wisdom to recognize necessity when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope.”


“The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.”


“In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.”

“Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.”


“I have something that I call my Golden Rule. It goes something like this: 'Do unto others twenty-five percent better than you expect them to do unto you.' … The twenty-five percent is for error.”

“just because you refuse to acknowledge something, refuse to
look at it or think about it, doesn’t mean it’s not there, that it doesn’t
affect you and the choices you make in your life.”


“The paths to liberation are numerous, but the bank along the way is always the same, the Bank of Karma, where the liberation account of each of us is credited or debited depending on our actions.”


“And if you think you're alone. Put on my music. Because I'm going to be there for you.”

“Every day God invites us on the same kind of adventure. It's not a trip where He sends us a rigid itinerary, He simply invites us. God asks what it is He's made us to love, what it is that captures our attention, what feeds that deep indescribable need of our souls to experience the richness of the world He made. And then, leaning over us, He whispers, "Let's go do that together.”

“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”

“She's a woman, you're a dude. You're not
supposed
to understand her. That's
not
what she's after.... She doesn't want you to understand
her
. She knows
that's
impossible. She just wants you to understand
yourself
. Everything else is negotiable.”



“When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life... it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.”


“I ask of you your lives,” Elend said, voice echoing, “and your courage. I ask of you your faith, and your honor—your strength, and your compassion. For today, I lead you to die. I will not ask you to welcome this event. I will not insult you by calling it well, or just, or even glorious. But I will say this.
“Each moment you fight is a gift to those in this cavern. Each second we fight is a second longer that thousands of people can draw breath. Each stroke of the sword, each koloss felled, each breath earned is a victory! It is a person protected for a moment longer, a life extended, an enemy frustrated!”
There was a brief pause.
“In the end, they will kill us,” Elend said, voice loud, ringing in the cavern. “But first, they shall
fear
us!”


“Many people say I'm the best women's soccer player in the world. I don't think so. And because of that, someday I just might be.”

“Man made God in his own image...”


“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”


“She might be pointing to a doorway, or a person, or the sky. But such things were so common to my eyes, so undistinguished, that they would register as "nothing" I walked in a gray world of nothing.”


“Though my work may be menial, though my contribution may be small, I can perform it with dignity and offer it with unselfishness. My talents may not be great, but I can use them to bless the lives of others.... The goodness of the world in which we live is the accumulated goodness of many small and seemingly inconsequential acts.”

“America is too great for small dreams.”

“Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.”

“With time and perspective we recognize that such problems in life do come for a purpose, if only to allow the one who faces such despair to be convinced that he really does need divine strength beyond himself, that she really does need the offer of heaven’s hand. Those who feel no need for mercy usually never seek it and almost never bestow it. Those who have never had a heartache or a weakness or felt lonely or forsaken never have had to cry unto heaven for relief of such personal pain. Surely it is better to find the goodness of God and the grace of Christ, even at the price of despair, than to risk living our lives in a moral or material complacency that has never felt any need for faith or forgiveness, any need for redemption or relief.”

“We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forget.”

“Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.”

“If you can’t believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you’ll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.”


“People don't believe what you tell them.
They rarely believe what you show them.
They often believe what their friends tell them.
They always believe what they tell themselves.”

“Hurl yourself at goals above your head and bear the lacerations that come when you slip and make a fool of yourself. Try always, as long as you have breath in your body, to take the hard way–and work, work, work to build yourself into a rich, continually evolving entity.”

“I shrug, trapped. I don’t want to lose him. In spite of all his demands, his need to control, his scary vices. I have never felt as alive as I do now. It’s a thrill to be sitting here beside him. He’s so unpredictable, sexy, smart, and funny. But his
moods… oh – and he wants to hurt me. He says he’ll think about my reservations, but it still scares me. I close my eyes. What can I say? Deep down I would just like more, more affection, more playful Christian, more… love.”


“Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.”


“All paths are the same: they lead nowhere. ... Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't, it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere; but one has a heart, the other doesn't. One makes for a joyful journey; as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life. One makes you strong; the other weakens you.”


“Never let yourself be persuaded that any one Great Man, any one leader, is necessary to the salvation of America. When America consists of one leader and 158 million followers, it will no longer be America.”

“By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet. ”

“A woman can't do anything about her appearance. Either she's pretty or she isn't. But her character is quite another matter.”


“One must work and dare if one really wants to live.”

“I have a self-made quote: Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.”

“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”


“I don’t ever remember being afraid of “oldness”.
There are things I miss about being younger - chiefly the ability to pull all-nighters and keep working and working well; and being smiled at by girls I didn’t know who thought I was cute; and I wish I had the eyesight I had even five years ago… but that stuff feels pretty trivial.
I’m happier than I’ve been at any time in my life these days. I have a wonderful wife whom I adore, watched three amazing kids grow into two delightful adults and my favourite teenager, an astonishing number of grand life experiences, I’ve made art I’m proud of, I have real, true, glorious friends, and I’ve been able to do real good for things I care about, like freedom of speech, like libraries.
Sometimes I’ll do something like An Evening With Neil and Amanda, or the 8 in 8 project, and completely surprise myself.
I miss friends who have died, but then, I’m glad that time gave them to me, to befriend, even for a while, and that I was alive to know them. I knew Douglas Adams, and I knew Roger Zelazny, and I knew John M Ford, and I knew Diana Wynne Jones… do you know how lucky that makes me?
Ah, I’m rabbiting on, and I sound a bit more Pollyannaish than I’m intending to sound: I know the downside of age and the downside of time, and I am sure that the view from age 51 is not the view from age 71.
I wish the time hadn’t gone so fast, though. And sometimes I wish I’d enjoyed it more on the way, and worried about it less.”

“Courage comes from a heart that is CONVINCED it is loved.”

“With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.”


“Enjoy every ounce of your life, get high and be sincere to anybody that comes around you.”


“All shall be done, but it may be harder than you think.”



“It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”


“A respectable appearance is sufficient to make people more interested in your soul”

“The two of you, there's something uncanny about the way you two are with each other. I mean everything--the way you look at each other, the way she relaxes when you put your hand on her back, the way you both seem to know what the other is always thinking, it's always struck me as extraordinary. That's another reason I keep putting marriage off. I know I want something like what you two share, and I'm not sure I've found it yet. I'm not sure I ever will. And with love like that, they say anything's possible, right?”


“You shouldn't judge someone until you've walk a mile through an underground tunnel in her uncomfortable shoes”


“We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.”

“People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but it's the way you live your life that matters. And the people you know. Valentine was Hodge's friend, and I don't think Hodge really had anyone else in his life to challenge him or make him be a better person. If I'd had that life, I don't know how I would have turned out. But I didn't. I have my family. And I have you.”


“Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.”


“If you want to be a writer, you have to write every day... You don't go to a well once but daily. You don't skip a child's breakfast or forget to wake up in the morning...”

“Men take care not to make women weep, for God counts their tears.”

“Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.”

“And then, despite everything, I smiled and looked at the note and knew that spring would come —it always does. so I stared out that cold window, watching my breath collect on the glass, trying not to think about my life after the thaw.”


“Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.”

“I know. It’s all wrong. By rights we shouldn’t even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it’s only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn’t. They kept going, because they were holding on to something.”


“Speak when you are angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.”

“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”

“So much for endings. Beginnings are always more fun. True connoisseurs, however, are known to favor the stretch in between, since it's the hardest to do anything with. That's about all that can be said for plots, which anyway are just one thing after another, a what and a what and a what.”

“It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.”

“You will see that the things you desire most are the very things that bring you the greatest sorrow.”


“Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day…and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift.... Because IT IS :)”

“If you can control your behavior when everything around you is out of control, you can model for your children a valuable lesson in patience and understanding...and snatch an opportunity to shape character.”


“Guilt starts as a feeling of failure.”

“life's kind of like a painting. A really bizarre, abstract painting. You could look at it and think that all it is, is a blur. And you could continue living your life thinking that all it is, is just a blur. But if you really look at it, really see it, focus on it, and use your imagination, life can become so much more. The painting could be of the sea, the sky, people,buildings, a butterfly on a flower, or anything except the blur you were once convinced it was.”


“It is possible for the human spirit to win after all.”

“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”

“I don’t need any plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.”

“Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?”


“Some of us go full circle. Some of us blindly go nowhere. The circle doesn’t have to be very large to make a point, kick your ass and/or be entertaining. Remember that and stay light. Even the deaf know good music when they hear it.”

“Fear is a natural emotion in life, but you cannot let it dictate your actions. When you act out of fear, you will only meet failure. But act out of determination to conquer that fear, and you will succeed at anything. Maybe not the first time, or the second or third, but eventually—as long as you keep trying—you can conquer your fears and succeed.”


“Concentration attracts luck factor.”


“It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once.”



“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”


“Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”

“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”

“When you lost sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart (Allen Walker, D-gray Man)”

“Never compromise your values.”


“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”

“When I begin to doubt my ability to work the word, I simply read another writer and know I have nothing to worry about. My contest is only with myself, to do it right, with power, and force, and delight, and gamble.”

“I have met some highly intelligent believers, but history has no record to say that [s]he knew or understood the mind of god. Yet this is precisely the qualification which the godly must claim—so modestly and so humbly—to possess. It is time to withdraw our 'respect' from such fantastic claims, all of them aimed at the exertion of power over other humans in the real and material world.”


“I will not die an unlived life.
I will not live in fear
of falling or catching fire.
I choose to inhabit my days,
to allow my living to open me,
to make me less afraid,
more accessible;
to loosen my heart
until it becomes a wing,
a torch, a promise.
I choose to risk my significance,
to live so that which came to me as seed
goes to the next as blossom,
and that which came to me as blossom,
goes on as fruit.”


“I liked things better when I didn't understand them.”

“The night is just a part of the day”


“It is impossible to be both selfish and happy”


“One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others. There was a time when I felt lousy about my over-forty body, saw myself as too fat, too this, or too that. Yet I fantasized about finding a lover who would give me the gift of being loved as I am. It is silly, isn't it, that I would dream of someone else offering to me the acceptance and affirmation I was withholding from myself. This was a moment when the maxim "You can never love anybody if you are unable to love yourself" made clear sense. And I add, "Do not expect to receive the love from someone else you do not give yourself.”


“Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”

“We can never know what might have been but what is to come is another matter entirely”

“For he that diligently seeketh shall find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto them, by the power of the Holy Ghost, as well in these times as in times of old as in times to come; wherefore, the course of the Lord is one eternal round" - 1 Nephi 10:19”


“The purpose of life is to discover your gift. The meaning of life is to give your gift away.”

“One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”

“You're water. We're the millstone.
You're wind. We're dust blown up into shapes.
You're spirit. We're the opening and closing
of our hands. You're the clarity.
We're the language that tries to say it.
You're joy. We're all the different kinds of laughing.”


“Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.”

“The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest. ”

“Advice to friends. Advice to fellow mothers in the same boat. "How do you do it all?" Crack a joke. Make it seem easy. Make everything seem easy. Make life seem easy and parenthood and marriage and freelancing for pennies, writing a novel and smiling after a rejection, keeping the faith after two, reminding oneself that four years of work counted for a lot, counted for everything. Make the bed. Make it nice. Make the people laugh when you sit down to write and if you can't make them laugh make them cry. Make them want to hug you or hold you or punch you in the face. Make them want to kill you or fuck you or be your friend. Make them change. Make them happy. Make the baby smile. Make him laugh. Make him dinner. Make him proud.
Hold the phone, someone is on the other line. She says its important. People are dying. Children. Friends. Press mute because there is nothing you can say. Press off because you're running out of minutes. Running out of time. Soon he'll be grown up and you'll regret the time you spent pushing him away for one more paragraph in the manuscript no one will ever read. Put down the book, the computer, the ideas. Remember who you are now. Wait. Remember who you were. Wait. Remember what's important. Make a list. Ten things, no twenty. Twenty thousand things you want to do before you die but what if tomorrow never comes? No one will remember. No one will know. No one will laugh or cry or make the bed. No one will have a clue which songs to sing to the baby. No one will be there for the children. No one will finish the first draft of the novel. No one will publish the one that's been finished for months. No one will remember the thought you had last night, that great idea you forgot to write down.”

“True love is boundless like the ocean and, swelling within one, spreads itself out and, crossing all boundaries and frontiers, envelops the whole world.”

“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Watch your step.”

“A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.”


“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
2.	Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.
3.	Death ends a life, not a relationship.
4.	Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live.
5.	Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them too-even when you are in the dark. Even when you're falling.
6.	As you grow old, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you'd always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It's growth. It's more than the negative that you're going to die, its also the positive that you understand you're going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.”

“How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.”

“Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.”


“No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.”

“If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door.”

“If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.”

“Beri aku sesuatu yang paling sulit, aku akan belajar!”



“The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.”

“Don't give in to fear. Be strong, like i know you are. An never give up, d'you unnerstand, never. No matter what happens.
I stare at him.
I won't, I says. I ain't no quitter, Pa.
That's my girl.”


“I want you to learn the lesson of the lotus. This flower springs forth from muddy waters. It raises its delicate petals to the sun and perfumes the world while, at the same time, its roots cling to the elemental muck, the very essence of the mortal experience. Without that soil, the flower would wither and die.”

“Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away. It is never truly gone.”


“Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.”

“Love means never having to be apart”


“Read. Read 1000 pages for every 1 page that you write.”

“Buy or borrow self-improvement books, but don't read them. Stack them around your bedroom and use them as places to rest bowls of cookies.
Watch exercise shows on television, but don't do the exercises. Practice believing that the benefit lies in imagining yourself doing the exercises.
Don't power walk. Saunter slowly in the sun, eating chocolate, and carry a blanket so you can take a nap.”

“I think one of the sweetest lessons taught by the Prophet, and yet one of the saddest, occurred close to the time of his death. He was required to leave his plan and vision of the Rocky Mountains and give himself up to face a court of supposed justice.
These are his words: 'I am going like a lamb to the slaughter; but I am calm as a summer's morning; I have a conscience void of offense towards God, and towards all men' (D&C 135:4). That statement of the Prophet teaches us obedience to law and the importance of having a clear conscience toward God and toward our fellowmen. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught these principles--by example.
There was to be one great final lesson before his mortal life ended. He was incarcerated in Carthage Jail with his brother Hyrum, with John Taylor, and with Willard Richards. The angry mob stormed the jail; they came up the stairway, blasphemous in their cursing, heavily armed, and began to fire at will. Hyrum was hit and died. John Taylor took several balls of fire within his bosom. The Prophet Joseph, with his pistol in hand, was attempting to defend his life and that of his brethren, and yet he could tell from the pounding on the door that this mob would storm that door and would kill John Taylor and Willard Richards in an attempt to kill him.
And so his last great act here upon the earth was to leave the door and lead Willard Richards to safety, throw the gun on the floor, and go to the window, that they might see him, that the attention of this ruthless mob might be focused upon him rather than the others. Joseph Smith gave his life. Willard Richards was spared, and John Taylor recovered from his wounds.
'Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends' (John 15:13). The Prophet Joseph Smith taught us love--by example.”

“I want all my senses engaged. Let me absorb the world's variety and uniqueness.”

“I don't think anyone, until their soul leaves their body, is past the point of no return”

“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.”


“Look in the mirror and say, 'There is none other like you and for that reason alone you are beautiful.”


“I am overwhelmed by the grace and persistence of my people.”

“You can surrender without a prayer, but never really pray without surrender. You can fight without ever winning, but never ever win without a fight.”

“The Highest Thought is always that thought which contains joy. The Clearest Words are those words which contain truth. The Grandest Feeling is that feeling which you call love.”

“Cynicism is what passes for insight when courage is lacking.”

“So long as you do no harm to another, change your opinion once in a while. Contradict yourself without being embarrassed. This is your right. It doesn't matter what others think -because that's what they will think, in any case.”


“Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.”


“To oppose something is to maintain it... You must go somewhere else; you must have another goal; then you walk a different road.”

“Writing means not just staring ugliness in the face, but finding a way to embrace
it.”

“I asked her if I was black or white. She replied "You are a human being. Educate yourself or you'll be a nobody!”


“Heaven help the roses if the bombs begin to fall”

“The walls are the publishers of the poor.”

“Living a life fully engaged and full of whimsy and the kind of things that love does is something most people plan to do, but along the way they just kind of forget. Their dreams become one of those "we'll go there next time" deferrals. The sad thing is, for many there is no "next time" because passing on the chance to cross over is an overall attitude toward life rather than a single decision.”


“I suppose we'll never know what really happened in that room, though he did tell police, "I did it because I'm a dirty dog." This is not a very convincing alibi. He may as well have said, "I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.”


“Yoga is not just repetation of few postures - it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life.”


“I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth... for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.”

“But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.”



“The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.”

“Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability”

“Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.”


“To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.”

“The question is very understandable, but no one has found a satisfactory answer to it so far. Yes, why do they make still more gigantic planes, still heavier bombs and, at the same time, prefabricated houses for reconstruction? Why should millions be spent daily on the war and yet there's not a penny available for medical services, artists, or for poor people?
Why do some people have to starve, while there are surpluses rotting in other parts of the world? Oh, why are people so crazy?”

“The day is ending. It's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, Let go.”


“He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”


“Setiap kamu punya mimpi atau keinginan atau cita-cita,
kamu taruh di sini, di depan kening kamu
jangan menempel, biarkan dia
MENGGANTUNG, MENGAMBANG
5 cm di depan kening kamu
jadi dia nggak akan pernah lepas dari mata kamu”

“I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But you and I, we must make an agreement to defy them. We must see all scars as beauty. Okay? This will be our secret. Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means,
I survived
.”


“Adversity is a natural part of being human. It is the height of arrogance to prescribe a moral code or health regime or spiritual practice as an amulet to keep things from falling apart. Things do fall apart. It is in their nature to do so. When we try to protect ourselves from the inevitability of change, we are not listening to the soul. We are listening to our fear of life and death, our lack of faith, our smaller ego's will to prevail. To listen to your soul is to stop fighting with life--to stop fighting when things fall apart; when they don't go our away, when we get sick, when we are betrayed or mistreated or misunderstood. To listen to the soul is to slow down, to feel deeply, to see ourselves clearly, to surrender to discomfort and uncertainty and to wait.”

“Feel the fear and do it anyway!”


“Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.”

“Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.”

“We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love.”


“Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.”

“Life is a journey, not a destination; there are no mistakes, just chances we've taken.”

“One day you will wake up & there won’t be any more time to do the things you’ve always wanted. Do it now.”

“Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for by doing that some have entertained angels without knowing it.”


“You soak up my soul and mingle me. Each drop of my blood cries out to the earth. We are partners, blended as one.”

“Listen, God love everything you love - and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.
You saying God vain? I ast.
Naw, she say. Not vain, just wanting to share a good thing. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
What it do when it pissed off? I ast.
Oh, it make something else. People think pleasing God is all God care about. But any fool living in the world can see it always trying to please us back.”


“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”


“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”

“Naw, Jem. I think that there is just one kind of folks. Folks."
Jen turned and punched his pillow. WHen he settle back his face was cloudy. He was going in to one of his declines, and I grew wary. His brows came together; his mouth became a thin line. He was silent for a while.
That is what I thought, too," he said at last, "when I was your age. If there is just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go ut of their way to despise each other? Scout, I think I am beginning to understand something. I think I'm beginning to understand why Boo Radley stayed shut up in the house all this time...it's because he wants to stay inside”


“Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputation and social standing, never can bring about a reform. Those who are really in earnest must be willing to be anything or nothing in the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathy with despised and persecuted ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences...”

“After all, when you come right down to it, how many people speak the same language even when they speak the same language?”

“أنا مش حانكش القشرة علشان الجرح مايخلنيش أصوت، لكن حاكحت البوية علشان أشوف إللى تحتها”


“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”

“Energy comes not from your muscle neither from your heart. It comes from your inner source.”

“When you were born you were crying and everyone else was smiling. Live your life so at the end, your're the one who is smiling and everyone else is crying.”

“A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could”

“If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.”

“Of course, a sign doesn't mean anything unless you know how to interpret it.”



“
Nite Owl II:
But the country's disintegrating. What's happened to America? What's happened to the American dream?
The Comedian:
It came true. You're lookin' at it.”


“What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.”

“If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.”

“By 20, you should be smart. By 30, you should be strong. By 40, you should be rich. By 50, you should be wise. But if you are smart, strong, rich and wise, you don't need any age limits.”


“Deep down, I don’t believe it takes any special talent for a person to lift himself off the ground and hover in the air. We all have it in us—every man, woman, and child—and with enough hard work and concentration, every human being is capable of…the feat….You must learn to stop being yourself. That’s where it begins, and everything else follows from that. You must let yourself evaporate. Let your muscles go limp, breathe until you feel your soul pouring out of you, and then shut your eyes. That’s how it’s done. The emptiness inside your body grows lighter than the air around you. Little by little, you begin to weigh less than nothing. You shut your eyes; you spread your arms; you let yourself evaporate. And then, little by little, you lift yourself off the ground.
Like so.”


“If we constantly focus only on the stones in our mortal path, we will
almost surely miss the beautiful flower or cool stream provided by the
loving Father who outlined our journey. Each day can bring more joy
than sorrow when our mortal and spiritual eyes are open to God's
goodness. Joy in the gospel is not something that begins only in the
next life. It is our privilege now, this very day. We must never allow
our burdens to obscure our blessings. There will always be more
blessings than burdens--even if some days it doesn't seem so. Jesus
said, "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it
more abundantly." Enjoy those blessings right now. They are yours and
always will be.”

“You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become. ”

“When we fully understand the brevity of life, its fleeting joys and unavoidable pains; when we accept the facts that all men and women are approaching an inevitable doom: the consciousness of it should make us more kindly and considerate of each other. This feeling should make men and women use their best efforts to help their fellow travelers on the road, to make the path brighter and easier as we journey on. It should bring a closer kinship, a better understanding, and a deeper sympathy for the wayfarers who must live a common life and die a common death.”


“I inherited this country when I was only a child, Nahuseresh. I have held it. I have fought down rebellious barons. I've fought Sounis to keep the land on this side of the mountains. I have killed men and watched them hang. I've seen them tortured to keep this country safe and
mine
. How did you think I did this if I was a fool with cow eyes for any handsome man with gold in his purse?”


“I am sure it is everyone’s experience, as it has been mine, that any discovery we make about ourselves or the meaning of life is never, like a scientific discovery, a coming upon something entirely new and unsuspected; it is rather, the coming to conscious recognition of something, which we really knew all the time but, because we were unwilling to formulate it correctly, we did not hitherto know we knew.”


“Live Long and Prosper”

“All men are created equal. It is what you do from there that makes the difference. We are all free agents in life. We make our own decisions. We control our own destiny.”

“The world has enough women who know how to be smart. It needs women who are willing to be simple. The world has enough women who know how to be brilliant. It needs some who will be brave. The world has enough women who are popular. It needs more who are pure. We need women, and men, too, who would rather be morally right than socially correct.”

“Unless we have something worth dying for, Atretes, we've nothing worth living for.”


“You can tempt me, desert me, or cause me great pain; you can create a dark world that my cause me to fear; you can rule your world with blood and terror, that's true.
But you can't win. And I know that. Weak as I am, with my imperfections and sins, even with all of my failing, I am stronger than you.
I will soon have a body. And I have my agency now. I will increase in my faith and knowledge and power. I am not perfect, but I will be, and there's not a thing you can do! I will become like the Father if I follow the Son. You are powerless to stop me. You can threaten and tempt and whisper lies in my ear, but you can't stop me, Satan; I see that so clearly now! I can stop myslef, yes, but only if I follow you.
And I reject you temptations. I reject your whispered lies. I reject you, Lucifer, and your entire plan. You have no power to control me. I am in control of myself. And try as you might, you won't control me on earth. We will defeat you in heaven, and we will deafeat you on earth. Here, or the earth, it doesn't matter; I am always stronger than you.”

“Sometimes, there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day.”


“There's always a choice,' said Torak, and walked backward off the cliff.”

“There are so many moments to remember and sometimes I think that maybe we're not really people at all. Maybe moments are what we are.... Sometimes I just survive. But sometimes I stand on the rooftop of my existence, arms stretched out, begging for more.”


“When you've found another soul who see's in to your own...take good care of each other..and remember to be kind..”

“Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.”

“Stop in somebody's shadow to rest and cool down, and you are lost. No one can make anyone else happy.”

“I looked about me. Luminous points glowed in the darkness. Cigarettes punctuated the humble meditations of worn old clerks. I heard them talking to one another in murmurs and whispers. They talked about illness, money, shabby domestic cares. And suddenly I had a vision of the face of destiny. Old bureaucrat, my comrade, it is not you who are to blame. No one ever helped you to escape. You, like a termite, built your peace by blocking up with cement every chink and cranny through which the light might pierce. You rolled yourself up into a ball in your genteel security, in routine, in the stifling conventions of provincial life, raising a modest rampart against the winds and the tides and the stars. You have chosen not to be perturbed by great problems, having trouble enough to forget your own fate as a man. You are not the dweller upon an errant planet and do not ask yourself questions to which there are no answers. Nobody grasped you by the shoulder while there was still time. Now the clay of which you were shaped has dried and hardened, and naught in you will ever awaken the sleeping musician, the poet, the astronomer that possibly inhabited you in the beginning.”


“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”


“Of course we're Christian. The very name of the church declares that. The more people see us and come to know us, the more I believe they will come to realize that we are trying to exemplify in our lives and in our living the great ideals which (Jesus Christ) taught.”

“Even if it's absurd to think you can change things, it's even more absurd to believe that it is foolish and unimportant to try.”


“sometimes we have absolutely no idea where we are, we need the smallest clue to show us where to begin.”


“May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.”

“Islam and Christianity promise eternal paradise to the faithful. And that is a powerful opiate, certainly, the hope of a better life to come. But there's a Sufi story that challenges the notion that people believe only because they need an opiate. Rabe'a al-Adiwiyah, a great woman saint of Sufism, was seem running through the streets of her hometown, Basra, carrying a torch in one hand and a bucket of water in the other. When someone asked her what she was doing, she answered, 'I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven of fear of hell, but because He is God.”



“Why are you being so mean?"
"Friends tell friends the truth."
"yeah, but not to hurt, to help.”


“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”


“My Creed
I do not choose to be a common man,
It is my right to be uncommon … if I can,
I seek opportunity … not security.
I do not wish to be a kept citizen.
Humbled and dulled by having the
State look after me.
I want to take the calculated risk;
To dream and to build.
To fail and to succeed.
I refuse to barter incentive for a dole;
I prefer the challenges of life
To the guaranteed existence;
The thrill of fulfillment
To the stale calm of Utopia.
I will not trade freedom for beneficence
Nor my dignity for a handout
I will never cower before any master
Nor bend to any threat.
It is my heritage to stand erect.
Proud and unafraid;
To think and act for myself,
To enjoy the benefit of my creations
And to face the world boldly and say:
This, with God’s help, I have done
All this is what it means
To be an Entrepreneur.”

“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.”

“There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.”

“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”

“All of the great empires of the future will be empires of the mind.”

“I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.”


“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”


“Actually, you can be bad at something...but if you love doing it, that will be enough. - August Boatwright”


“Tell all the Truth but tell it slant--
Success in Circuit lies
Too bright for our infirm Delight
The Truth's superb surprise
As Lightning to the Children eased
With explanation kind
The Truth must dazzle gradually
Or every man be blind--”

“The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.”

“You don't have to be stupid to be a Christian, ... but it probably helps.”

“L'homme est libre au moment qu'il veut l'être.”

“We could all do with a bit more joy in our lives couldn't we? The wonderful thing is that when we start spreading joy, we begin to actually experience more joy in our lives too!”

“Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.”

“We have been moving along at such a fast pace that we no longer know what we are doing. Now we have to wait until our soul catches up with us.”


“Often, moreover, it is...that aspect of our being that society finds eccentric, ridiculous, or disagreeable, that holds our sweet waters, our secret well of happiness, the key to our equanimity in malevolent climes.”


“There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.”

“The future belongs to God, and it is only he who reveals it, under extraordinary circumstances. How do I guess at the future? Based on the omens of the present. The secret is here in the present. If you pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it. And, if you improve on the present, what comes later will also be better. Forget about the future, and live ach day according to the teachings, confident that God loves his children. Each day, in itself, brings with it an eternity.”

“It is necessary to hope... for hope itself is happiness.”

“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”


“Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.”

“[The decay of Logic results from an] untroubled assumption that the particular is real and the universal is not.”

“Life is a barter of choice and consequences.”


“When you grow up as a girl, the world tells you the things that you are supposed to be: emotional, loving, beautiful, wanted. And then when you are those things, the world tells you they are inferior: illogical, weak, vain, empty.”

“It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past.”


“Spirituality exist in testing and experiencing the depth of inner peace consistently.”

“As soon as you honor the present moment, all unhappiness and struggle dissolve, and life begins to flow with joy and ease. When you act out the present-moment awareness, whatever you do becomes imbued with a sense of quality, care, and love - even the most simple action.”



“I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”

“Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.”


“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”


“Yet he who reigns within himself, and rules
Passions, desires, and fears, is more a king.”


“The earth will never be the same again
Rock, water, tree, iron, share this greif
As distant stars participate in the pain.
A candle snuffed, a falling star or leaf,
A dolphin death, O this particular loss
A Heaven-mourned; for if no angel cried
If this small one was tossed away as dross,
The very galaxies would have lied.
How shall we sing our love's song now
In this strange land where all are born to die?
Each tree and leaf and star show how
The universe is part of this one cry,
Every life is noted and is cherished,
and nothing loved is ever lost or perished.”


“Most people fail at whatever they attempt because of an undecided heart. Should I? Should I not? Go forward? Go back? Success requires the emotional balance of a committed heart. When confronted with a challenge, the committed heart will search for a solution. The undecided heart searches for an escape.
A committed heart does not wait for conditions to be exactly right. Why? Because conditions are never exactly right. Indecision limits the Almighty and His ability to perform miracles in your life. He has put the vision in you -- proceed. To wait, to wonder, to doubt, to be indecisive is to disobey God. -Andy Andrews, The Traveler's Gift”

“Nothing is impossible to a determined woman.”


“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”

“...you must always be yourself, and do things at your own pace. Someday, you'll catch up.”

“Religious people fear hell -- Spiritual people have walked thru it. ”


“Because saving the people you love isn't stupid. It isn't even a choice”


“Above all things physical, it is more important to be beautiful on the inside - to have a big hear and an open mind and a spectacular spleen.”


“I'd like you to know that I have forgiven him. Again and again. Once done, course, back comes the Enemy to persecute and persecute, and I must ante up to God and forgive yet again.”


“Take Care Of Your Tongue Like The Way You Take Care Of Gold & Silver.”

“Lean forward into your life...catch the best bits and the finest wind. Just tip your feathers in flight a wee bit and see how dramatically that small lean can change your life.”


“Be content with who you are and where you are, and do whatever you can do to bring to others such contentment, and joy, and understanding that you have managed to find yourself.”


“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.”

“What other people think of me is not my business.”

“Negative desires can cause no evil if you do not allow yourself to be seduced by them.”


“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”


“Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something.”

“There is a terrible hunger for love. We all experience that in our lives - the pain, the loneliness. We must have the courage to recognize it. The poor you may have right in your own family. Find them. Love them.”

“CLAUDIA: I love you as high as the sky and as deep as the sea.
MICHAEL: Multiply my love by infinity and take it to the depths of forever, and you still have only a glimpse of how much I feel for you. I love you more.”


“Prayer is beyond any question the highest activity of the human soul. Man is at his greatest and highest when upon his knees he comes face to face with God.”

“I don't ask for the meaning of the song of a bird or the rising of the sun on a misty morning. There they are, and they are beautiful.”

“cause when there's life there's still hope”


“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”

“In other words, our opinions and our thoughts and feelings, anything we experience, need not define us forever.”


“Do not accept whatever comes. Do not accept whatever goes. You have infinite power. Exercise your choice.”

“Do not be afraid. Do not be satisfied with mediocrity. Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch.”

“Only when I fall do I get up again.”

“Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”

“Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known. ”



“But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.”

“Sometimes it comes down to a choice," Magnus said. "Between saving one person and saving the whole world. I've seen it happen, and I'm selfish enough to want the person who loves me to choose me. But Nephilim wil always choose the world. I look at Alec and I feel like Lucifer in Paradise Lost. 'Abashed the Devil stood, And felt how awful goodness is.' He meant it in the classical sense. 'Awful' as in inspiring awe. And awe is well and good, but it's poison to love. Love has to be between equals."
"He's just a boy," said Luke. "Alec--he's not perfect. And you're not fallen."
"We're all fallen," said Magnus, and he wrapped himself up in his chains and was silent.”


“Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.”

“If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion.”


“To be cheerful when others are in despair, to keep the faith when others falter, to be true even when we feel forsaken—all of these are deeply desired outcomes during the deliberate, divine tutorials which God gives to us—because He loves us. These learning experiences must not be misread as divine indifference. Instead, such tutorials are a part of the divine unfolding.”

“The dream is to keep surprising yourself, never mind the audience”

“when you came you cried and everybody smiled with joy; when you go smile and let the world cry for you.”

“Light is more important than the lantern,
The poem more important than the notebook”

“I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.”


“It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust.”

“I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.”


“When the voice of your friend or the page of your book sinks into democratic equality with the pattern of the wallpaper, the feel of your clothes, your memory of last night, and the noises from the road, you are falling asleep. The highly selective consciousness enjoyed by fully alert men, with all its builded sentiments and consecrated ideals, has as much to be called real as the drowsy chaos, and more.”

“If bringing down the wall would require you to fly, you must believe you can fly. Otherwise, when the decisive moment comes, you will surely discover you ahve no wings.”


“Everyone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~Kuan Yin”


“Relish love in your old age! Aged love is like aged wine; it becomes more satisfying, more refreshing, more valuable, more appreciated and more intoxicating!”

“‎"Belki de hayat yanlış anlayınca güzeldi. Sadece yanlış anlayınca. Ama her şeyi.”


“You teach people how to treat you.”

“Kindness has no religion. Religions are like narrow tracks but kindness is like an open sky.”


“If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person.”

“‎"Today's dirty hands are tomorrow's muddy water”

“Learn as if you were not reaching your goal and as though you were scared of missing it”

“Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.”

“Read this to yourself. Read it silently.
Don't move your lips. Don't make a sound.
Listen to yourself. Listen without hearing anything.
What a wonderfully weird thing, huh?
NOW MAKE THIS PART LOUD!
SCREAM IT IN YOUR MIND!
DROWN EVERYTHING OUT.
Now, hear a whisper. A tiny whisper.
Now, read this next line in your best crotchety-
old man voice:
"Hello there, sonny. Does your town have a post office?"
Awesome! Who was that? Whose voice was that?
It sure wasn't yours!
How do you do that?
How?!
It must've been magic.”

“Kau Pribumi terpelajar! Kalau mereka itu, Pribumi itu, tidak terpelajar, kau harus bikin mereka jadi terpelajar. Kau harus, harus, harus, harus bicara pada mereka , dengan bahasa yang mereka tahu”


“Tell your story. Don't try and tell the stories that other people can tell. Any starting writer starts out with other people's voices. But as quickly as you can start telling the stories that only
you
can tell, because there will always be better writers than you and there will always be smarter writers than you, but you are the only you.”

“If you write it down, you can make it happen.”

“Don't try to steer the boat.
Don't open shop for yourself. Listen. Keep silent.
You are not God's mouthpiece. Try to be an ear,
And if you do speak, ask for explanations.”



“Every mountain top is within reach if you just keep climbing.”


“We make patterns, we share moments. Sometimes, I think I'm the only one to see it.”


“Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.”


“A man, to be greatly good, must imagine intensely and comprehensively; he must put himself in the place of another and many others; the pains and pleasures of his species must become his own. The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.”


“What'll you do if you can't find a way to cure him?" Seth asked.
Dale paused. "I'll never know that day has come, because I'll never stop trying.”


“Miracles don't happen. You make them happen. They're not wishes or dreams or candles on a cake. They're not impossible. Reality is real. It's totally and completely under my control.”


“An actor must never be afraid to make a fool of himself.”

“Very often in everyday life one sees that by losing one's temper with someone who has already lost his, one does not gain anything but only sets out upon the path of stupidity. He who has enough self-control to stand firm at the moment when the other person is in a temper, wins in the end. It is not he who has spoken a hundred words aloud who has won; it is he who has perhaps spoken only one word.”


“Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.”

“Nobody's perfect. I'm perfectly flawed.”

“Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty.”


“It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you - always.”

“Trying is always enough. ”


“He knew sometimes some fear can be good. When you are afraid things are going to get worse if you don't do something, it can prompt you into action. But it is not good when you are afraid that it keeps you from doing anything.”


“God loves us. He's watching us, he wants us to succeed, and we'll know someday that he has not left one thing undone for the eternal welfare of each of us. If we only knew it, there are heavenly hosts pulling for us -- friends in heaven that we can't rememer now, who yearn for our victory.”

“Kau tahu, Nak, sepotong intan terbaik dihasilkan dari dua hal, yaitu, suhu dan tekanan yang tinggi di perut bumi. Semakin tinggi suhu yang diterimanya, semakin tinggi tekanan yang diperolehnya, maka jika dia bisa bertahan, tidak hancur, dia justeru berubah menjadi intan yang berkilau tiada tara. Keras. Kokoh. Mahal harganya.
“Sama halnya dengan kehidupan, seluruh kejadian menyakitkan yang kita alami, semakin dalam dan menyedihkan rasannya, jika kita bisa bertahan, tidak hancur, maka kita akan tumbuh menjadi seseorang berkarakter laksana intan. Keras. Kokoh.”


“...What you fear will not go away; it will take you into yourself and bless you and keep you. That's the world, and we all live there.”

“And life is what we make it.
Always has been, always will be.”

“I'm scared of losing this web we're in. This elusive, indefinable, opposite of loneliness.”

“Love doesn't erase the past, but it makes the future different.”


“My dream, is to dream, a dream.”

“It's sad if people think that's (homemaking) a dull existance, [but] you can't just buy an apartment and furnish it and walk away. It's the flowers you choose, the music you play, the smile you have waiting. I want it to be gay and cheerful, a haven in this troubled world. I don't want my husband and children to come home and find a rattled woman. Our era is already rattled enough, isn't it?”

“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”

“It's only natural to feel lonely after the enjoyable moments pass. But as you experience new joys those feelings of sorrow will start to fade.”

“Pray to God, but row towards shore.”

“When man is with God in awe and love, then he is praying.”


“Sometimes you deal with the devil not because you want to, but because if you don't, someone else will.”


“إن الله لا يعذبنا بالحياة، و لكنه يعطينا ما نستحقه، لأنه قد أسلمنا الكون بريئاً مادة عمياء نحن عقلها فماذا صنعنا به على مدى عشرات القرون، لقد لوثناه بالفقر و الاستعباد و الطغيان "ـ”

“He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.”

“Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.”

“I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.”



“Those who have the ability to be grateful are the ones who have the ability to achieve greatness.”


“Help" is a prayer that is always answered. It doesn't matter how you pray--with your head bowed in silence, or crying out in grief, or dancing. Churches are good for prayer, but so are garages and cars and mountains and showers and dance floors. Years ago I wrote an essay that began, "Some people think that God is in the details, but I have come to believe that God is in the bathroom.”


“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”


“Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.”

“One day we will learn that the heart can never be totally right when the head is totally wrong”


“What did you put in the fire?" Kaladin said. "To make that special smoke?"
"Nothing. It was just and ordinary fire."
"But, I saw-"
"What you saw belongs to you. A story doesn't live until it is imagined in someone's mind."
"What does the story mean, then?"
"It means what you want it to mean," Hoid said. "The purpose of a storyteller is not to tell you how to think , but to give you questions to think upon. Too often, we forget that.”


“A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.”


“Good days, they come around the oddest corners.”


“I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living. And you...And you...And you...Gotta give em hope.”


“We're not alone--at least, we're alone only if we choose to be alone. We're alone only if we choose to go through life relying solely on our own strength rather than learning to draw upon the power of God. ”


“Don’t be disheartened by the forces of evil. Nothing can happen that God hasn’t allowed. Even resistance is all part of grand orchestration. The devil always has you right were God wants you.”


“We are faced with the fact, my friends, that tomorrow is today. Procrastination is still the thief of time. Over the bleached bones and jumbled residues of numerous civilizations are written the pathetic words ‘Too Late’.”

“We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.”

“In every journey comes a moment... one like no other. And in that moment, you must decide between who you are... and who you want to be.”


“Nothing remains forever, only thing that remain forever is romantically stupid word forever.”


“... just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic... See, they have a beautiful life.”


“Forget yourself and go to work.”

“...You find a way, somehow to get through the most horrible things, things you think would kill you. You find a way and you move through the days, one by one, in shock, in despair, but you move. The days pass, one after the other, and you go along with them - occasionally stunned, and not entirely relieved, to find that you are still alive.”


“The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.”

“Human kind is made up of two sexes, women and men. Is it possible that a mass is improved by the improvement of only one part and the other part is ignored? Is it possible that if half of a mass is tied to earth with chains and the other half can soar into skies?”

“The thinnest slice would be teeming with memories of a love so strong it turned you inside out and left you gasping, and would be an identical match to a slice stored in the heart of a soul mate.”

“You are better than you think. A-one, a-two a-three.”

“Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless.”

“Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.”


“He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.”


“A miracle, my friend, is an event which creates faith.”

“Truly, my dear young friends, you are a chosen generation. I hope you will never forget it. I hope you will never take it for granted. I hope there will grow in your hearts an overpowering sense of gratitude to God, who has made it possible for you to come upon the earth in this marvelous season of the world's history.”

“I think now that fate is half shaped by expectation, half by inattention. But somehow, when you lose something you love, faith takes over. You have to pay attention to what you lost. You have to undo the expectation.”


“Il n'y a de réalité que dans l'action.
(There is no reality except in action.)”



“I'm often asked what I think about as I run. Usually the people who ask this have never run long distances themselves. I always ponder the question. What exactly do I think about when I'm running? I don't have a clue.”


“The temptation of the age is to look good without being good.”


“It's nice to have things to look forward to.”


“Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than to be in bad company”

“Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.”

“Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.”

“HASTA LA VICTORIA SIEMPRE”


“Didn't anyone ever tell you that the mouth is the front gate of all misfortune?”


“You can wake up every day looking forward to new adventures with hope smiling brightly before you because you have a Savior. You are baptized in His Church.... You just need to stay in, pressing forward with a brightness of hope to your heavenly home.”

“Gradually the healing took place, seeming as it always does that it wasn't taking place.”

“There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”

“The first thing you have to know about writing is that it is something you must do everyday. There are two reasons for this rule: Getting the work done and connecting with your unconscious mind.”

“We are all flawed, my dear. Every one of us. And believe me, we've all made mistakes. You've just got to take a good hard look at yourself, change what needs to be changed, and move one, pet.”


“Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.”


“What we can do, we must do: we must use what we are given, and we must use it the best we can, however much or little help we have for the task. What you have been given is a hard thing--a very hard thing... But my darling, what if there were no one who could do the difficult things?”


“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”

“Man is not defiled by his impurities. It is the other man pointing out his impurities to him, whom he is defiled by. Is there anything anyone can do, to become righteous, anyway? God made us impure. If he had a problem with that, He would have made us gods, instead.”

“Self-respect. It would make me lovable. And it's the secret to good sex.”


“The greatest thing about tomorrow is, I will be better than I am today. And that's how I look at my life. I will be a better golfer, I will be a better person, I will be a better father, I will be a better husband, I will be a better friend. That's the beauty of tomorrow.”

“A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book."
"If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you."
"I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time...I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too."
"Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.”

“We can't look to the world to restore our worth; we're here to restore our worth to the world. The world outside us can reflect our glory, but it cannot create it. It cannot crown us. Only God can crown us, and he already has.”

“Crossing the starting line may be an act of courage, but crossing the finish line is an act of faith. Faith is what kepes us going when nothing else will. Faith is the emotion that will give you victory over your past, the demons in your soul, & all of those voices that tell you what you can & cannot do & can & cannot be.”

“Each of our acts makes a statement as to our purpose.”

“And thus we see that by small means the Lord can bring about great things" - 1 Nephi 16:29”

“Ah, if everyone was as sensitive as you! There's no girl who hasn't gone through that. And it's all so unimportant!”


“The true value of man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectability is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent and proud. If God were to hold all Truth concealed in his right hand, and in his left only the steady and diligent drive for Truth, albeit with the proviso that I would always and forever err in the process, and to offer me the choice, I would with all humility take the left hand. ”

“There are things you do sometimes, actions that you take by obeying sudden impulses, without stopping for even a fraction of a second to think, and then you spend the rest of your life either lamenting it or thanking yourself for it. They are rare, unique, and perfect moments.”

“Who would deduce the dragonfly from the larva, the iris from the bud, the lawyer from the infant? ...We are all shape-shifters and magical reinventors. Life is really a plural noun, a caravan of selves.”

“An opinion should be the result of thought, not a substitute for it. ”

“Make today worth remembering.”

“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”



“There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.”


“Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy.”


“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”


“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.”

“I have the nerve to walk my own way, however hard, in my search for reality, rather than climb upon the rattling wagon of wishful illusions.”

“Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes." ~ ' They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes." -”

“Look beyond yourself..”

“If there never was a night or day and memories could fade away, then we'd be nothing left but the dreams we made”

“Lepaskanlah. Maka besok lusa, jika dia cinta sejatimu, dia pasti akan kembali dengan cara mengagumkan. Ada saja takdir hebat yang tercipta untuk kita. Jika dia tidak kembali, maka sederhana jadinya, itu bukan cinta sejatimu. Hei, kisah-kisah cinta di dalam buku itu, di dongeng-dongeng cinta, atau hikayat orang tua, itu semua ada penulisnya.
Tetapi kisah cinta kau, siapa penulisnya? Allah. Penulisnya adalah pemilik cerita paling sempurna di muka bumi. Tidakkah sedikit saja kau mau meyakini bahwa kisah kau pastilah yang terbaik yang dituliskan.”


“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action.....no matter what.  So you're afraid?  Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”


“Masalah adalah apa yang kamu anggap masalah”

“Some people like me, some don't. I don't understand, Where the difference comes from. My heart like them all. For a simple childish reason. We all are created equal, we all are humans.”


“Pain and suffering are the soil of strength and courage.”


“Because of his hormones, he only has three emotions: crabby, hungry, horny.”


“Only one life, ’twill soon be past,
Only what’s done for Christ will last.”

“I've made mistakes. More than my share. Hopefully, I've learned from them, but can't guarentee anything. There's only one thing I can promise. I'm taking this to the end."
-Bobby Pendragon”

“Nothing is so hard that it can't be found by searching.
”


“I think there is a song out there to describe just about any situation.”


“That's the scary thing about hope," she said. "If you let it go too long it turns into faith.”


“Hold yourself to a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself.”

“Methought I heard a voice cry, Sleep no more!
Macbeth does murder sleep, - the innocent sleep;
Sleep that knits up the ravell'd sleave of care,
The death of each day's life, sore labour's bath,
Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course,
Chief nourisher in life's feast.”


“From now on I’ll connect the dots my own way.”

“Nothing exists but you. And you are but a thought.”

“Everything that happens to you is your teacher. The secret is to learn to sit at the feet of your own life and be taught by it.
Polly B. Berends”

“Only the children know what they are looking for. They waste their time over a rag doll and it becomes very important to them; and if anybody takes it away from them, they cry...”

“Let the revolution begin.”


“It's not about what you've done; it's how you've experienced whatever has happened to you. Matt Lawrence in The Overachievers”

“Being negative only makes a difficult journey more difficult. You may be given a cactus, but you don't have to sit on it.”


“The man that decided to change on the 12th hours died at the 11th.”



“I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.”

“Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years.”

“Live simply so that others may simply live.”

“I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied”


“... In love, everyone does things that hurt the other person, so there really is no "Right" and "Wrong". You just have to decide what you're willing to forgive”


“To ugly ducklings everywhere,
Don't worry about those fluffy yellow morons:
They'll never get to be swans”


“It's okay to be a loser, it just depends on how good you are at being one.”

“Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”


“Stop thinking about life and choose to live it”


“Imagine others complexly.”


“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”


“Every moment in life is an act of faith”


“Reading is my passion and my escape since I was 5 years old. Overall, children don't realize the magic that can live inside their own heads. Better even then any movie.”


“My friends say I'm a fool to think that you're the one for me, I guess I'm just a sucker for love. (love love) 'Cause honsetly the truth is that you know I'm never leaving, 'cause your my angel sent from above. (bove bove) Me and you can do no wrong. My money is yours give you a lil more 'cause I love ya, love ya. With me girl is where you belong...
-Love Me”

“Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change.
Drizzt Do'Urden”

“A student to teacher: “I am so alone; I don’t know what to do?” Teacher: “Do not worry about being alone, we always come alone and go alone. In a very sweet accident, we meet others who are alone and start to be part of them in various forms of relationships such as friends, husband, wife, mother, father, sister and so on. So, life is about sharing a moment together, not thinking as if you are alone.”


“Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to
self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt,
that's real power.”

“The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care.
I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.'
I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research.
Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery.
To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be.
Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit.
So, I believed.”


“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”


“I wanted to know what it was like to be a drug addict, and have an eating disorder, and have a loved one die, and fall in love. I saw my friends going through these things, I saw the world going through these things, and I needed to understand them. I needed to make sense of them. Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books, and it was books that showed me there is light at the end of the tunnel.”

“There's only one racing strategy that matters.It's the one I run by:
Get in the lead and don't let anyone pass you.”


“Perception is strong and sight weak. In strategy it is important to see distant things as if they were close and to take a distanced view of close things.”

“I ended my first book with the words 'no answer.' I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice? Only words, words; to be led out to battle against other words.”


“I would rather be damned by my honesty, than caged by my lies.”


“There is beauty everywhere; even in the dark, there is light, and that is the rarest kind of all.”


“If you want the rainbow, you have to put up with the rain.”

“The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.”

“Communicating with God is the most extraordinary experience imaginable, yet at the same time it's the most natural one of all, because God is present in us at all times. Omniscient, omnipotent, personal-and loving us without conditions. We are connected as One through our divine link with God.”


“It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be.”


“We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.”



“It’s time to care; it’s time to take responsibility; it’s time to lead; it’s time for a change; it’s time to be true to our greatest self; it’s time to stop blaming others.”


“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise”

“Forgiveness is God's greatest gift”


“Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.”


“Will it make me something? Will I be something? Am I something? And the answer comes, already am, always was, and I still have time to be”

“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”


“A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.”

“I’ve always been a slow learner in some areas of my life.mostly the areas known as myself. Or maybe I should say ‘selves.’because the fact is, I’ve never, even as a child, felt I’m only one self, only one person. I’ve always felt I’m quite a few more than one. For example, there’s my jokey self, there’s my morose and fed-up self,there’s my lewd and disgusting self. There’s my clever-clogs self, and my fading-violet-who-cant-make-up-her-mind-about-anything self. There’s my untidy-clothes-everywhere-all-over-my-room self, and my manically tidy self when I want my room to be minimalist and Zen to the nth degree. There’s my confidant, arrogant self and my polite and reasonable and good listener self. There’s my self-righteous self and my wickedly bad self, my flaky self and my bsentimental self. There are selfs I like and selfs I don’t like.there’s my little-girl selfnwhonlikes to play silly games and there’s my old-woman self when I’m quite sure I’m eighty and edging towards geriatric.
The self I show in action at any moment depends on where I am, who I’m with, the circumstances of the situation and the mood I’m in.”


“There is no holy life. There is no war between good and evil. There is no sin and no redemption. None of these things matter to the real you. But they all matter hugely to the false you, the one who believes in the separate self. You have tried to take your separate self, with all its loneliness and anxiety and pride, to the door of enlightenment. But it will never go through, because it is a ghost.”


“Now I'm told this is life, and pain's just a simple compromise.”

“There are in this world blessed souls, whose sorrows all spring up into joys for others; whose earthly hopes, laid in the grave with many tears, are the seed from which spring healing flowers and balm for the desolate and the distressed.”


“Mythology is not a lie, mythology is poetry, it is metaphorical. It has been well said that mythology is the penultimate truth--penultimate because the ultimate cannot be put into words. It is beyond words. Beyond images, beyond that bounding rim of the Buddhist Wheel of Becoming. Mythology pitches the mind beyond that rim, to what can be known but not told.”


“The third component of the Law of Dharma is service to humanity--to serve your fellow human beings and to ask yourself the questions,"How can I help? How can I help all those that I come into contact with?" When you combine the ability to express your unique talent with service to humanity, then you make full use of the Law of Dharma.”

“The Universe doesn't like secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth, to lead you to it.”


“Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul, like you.”

“He wept because he was afraid now that he could not save Gabriel. He no longer cared about himself”


“My faith is big enough to accept all of God's wonders.”


“When You Cease To Exist, Then Who Will You Blame?”

“And each book has to receive your best effort every single time. No slacking.
”

“Today is the only day in which we have any power.”


“Knowing the precies answers is not as crucial as the certainty that the answers do, in fact, exist.”


“What is a personal calling? It is God's blessing, it is the path that God chose for you here on Earth. Whenever we do something that fills us with enthusiasm, we are following our legend. However, we don't all have the courage to confront our own dream.”

“A man, whilst he is dreaming, believes in his dream; he is undeceived only when he is awakened from his slumber.”


“Sometimes it takes falling apart to ever have a chance of being fully whole.”

“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”

“You own everything that happend to you. Tell your stories. If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should have behaved better.
-- Anne Lamott”

“You see many stars in the sky at night, but not when the sun rises. Can you therefore say that there are no stars in the heavens during the day? Because you cannot find God in the days of your ignorance, say not that there is no God.”

“Loving means sharing what you have however big or small it may be!”


“The light of compassion opens the petals of the heart. When the petals of the heart unfold fragrance spreads across the valley.”


“Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”

“I understood what he was doing, that he had spent four years fulfilling the absurd and tedious duty of graduating from college and now he was emancipated from that world of abstraction, false security, parents, and material excess.”



“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”


“All young people, regardless of sexual orientation or identity, deserve a safe and supportive environment in which to achieve their full potential.”

“Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”


“No man is free who is not master of himself.”

“What's right isn't always popular, and whats popular isn't always right.”

“Don't let your habits become handcuffs”


“I saw Eternity the other night,
Like a great ring of pure and endless light,
All calm, as it was bright,
And round beneath it, Time, in hours, days, years,
Driven by the spheres,
Like a vast shadow moved, in which the world
And all her train were hurled.”


“To talk to each other is but a more animated and an audible thinking.”


“We choose our next world through what we learn in this one. Learn nothing, and the next world is the same as this one, all the same limitations and lead weights to overcome.”


“Earth is sad, Moon is shy, Sun is happy but wait a moment, I just forgot to tell you that I am the child of open sky.”

“It is not given to us to know what difference we can make, and perhaps we can make no difference at all. But that is no reason not to make the attempt," said Saliman quietly. "The Light shines more brightly in the darkness.”


“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”


“Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.”

“In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth. For nothing is more precious than the life force and may the love of that force guide you as you go.”


“The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.”

“Bending beats breaking.”

“Soon is not as good as now.”


“I don’t want to be a supermodel; I want to be a role model.”

“I know a girl from whose body sunbeams rose to the clouds as if they’d fallen from the sun.
Her laugh was like a bangle of bells.
“Your hair is wet,” I told her one day, “Did you take a bath?”
“It is dew!” she laughed, “I’ve been lying in the grass. All morning long, I lay here waiting for the dawn.”

“And what greater might do we possess as human beings than our capacity to question and to learn?”

“If someone tells you you're not beautiful, turn around and walk away so they can
have a great view of your fabulous ass.”

“When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”

“If it’s going to be a world with no time for sentiment, it’s not a world that I want to live in.”


“One of the simplest ways to stay happy is letting go of the things that makes you sad.”

“Who would bring light must endure burning.”


“When something undesirable grows in my soul, I ask God to give me the courage to mercilessly pluck it out.”


“I Love Loving You
You are my favorite song; a rhythm of beauty that captures my spirit.
You are my favorite poem; an exquisite grouping of ideas set in motion with an unmatched enchanting elegance.
You are my best friend; from our laughter to our deep conversations, our moments together are a timeless pleasure.
You are my soul mate; a connection so pure, so powerful, that it can only be considered divine.
You are my lover; a passionate entwinement, a chorus of ecstasy, and a feeling of complete unity that words could never adequately describe.
You are my angel; you remind me of the goodness in this world and inspire me to be the greatest version of myself.
You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging.
You are my love ~ mi amor; there are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express my love for you.
I love loving you.”


“Worry is a prayer to chaos”


“The personal, as everyone’s so fucking fond of saying, is political. So if some idiot politician, some power player, tries to execute policies that harm you or those you care about, take it personally. Get angry. The Machinery of Justice will not serve you here – it is slow and cold, and it is theirs, hardware and soft-. Only the little people suffer at the hands of Justice; the creatures of power slide from under it with a wink and a grin. If you want justice, you will have to claw it from them. Make it personal. Do as much damage as you can. Get your message across. That way, you stand a better chance of being taken seriously next time. Of being considered dangerous. And make no mistake about this: being taken seriously, being considered dangerous marks the difference - the only difference in their eyes - between players and little people. Players they will make deals with. Little people they liquidate. And time and again they cream your liquidation, your displacement, your torture and brutal execution with the ultimate insult that it’s just business, it’s politics, it’s the way of the world, it’s a tough life and that it’s nothing personal. Well, fuck them. Make it personal.”



“Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.”

“You start by writing to live. You end by writing so as not to die.”

“Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.”

“At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey.”


“You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”

“YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf,
I am the smaller one on its upper side,'
said the dewdrop to the lake.”

“She might be without country, without nation, but inside her there was still a being that could exist and be free, that could simply say
I am
without adding a this, or a that, without saying I am Indian, Guyanese, English, or anything else in the world.”


“Other men look up and down, left and right; but men like us are different. We are visionaries.”


“Noble and great. Courageous and determined. Faithful and fearless. That is who you are and who you have always been. And understanding it can change your life, because this knowledge carries a confidence that cannot be duplicated any other way.”

“I do have a point to all this,” she continues. “There are like twenty people in that waiting room right now. Some of them are related to you. Some of them are not. But we’re all your family.” She stops now. Leans over me so that the wisps of her hair tickle my face. She kisses me on the forehead. “You still have a family,” she whispers.”


“I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!”


“Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.”

“See? See what you can do? Never mind you can’t tell one letter from another, never mind you born a slave, never mind you lose your name, never mind your daddy dead, never mind nothing. Here, this here, is what a man can do if he puts his mind to it and his back in it. Stop sniveling,’ [the land] said. ‘Stop picking around the edges of the world. Take advantage, and if you can’t take advantage, take disadvantage. We live here. On this planet, in this nation, in this county right here. Nowhere else! We got a home in this rock, don’t you see! Nobody starving in my home; nobody crying in my home, and if I got a home you got one too! Grab it. Grab this land! Take it, hold it, my brothers, make it, my brothers, shake it, squeeze it, turn it, twist it, beat it, kick it, kiss it, whip it, stomp it, dig it, plow it, seed it, reap it, rent it, buy it, sell it, own it, build it, multiply it, and pass it on – can you hear me? Pass it on!”


“It is a sad day when one looks back and sees that his largest regrets have become some of the most integral elements of his dreams.”

“Life is about becoming more of who you really are....”

“You came so that you could learn about your dreams," said the old woman. "And dreams are the language of God. When he speaks in our language, I can interpret what he has said. But if he speaks in the language of the soul, it is only you who can understand.”

“Boggle with sex addicts is up there with go-kart racing with junkies.”


“I felt as if I were walking with destiny, and that all my past life had been but a preparation for this hour and for this trial... I thought I knew a good deal about it all, I was sure I should not fail.”


“I can't say this strongly enough, but our feelings about ourselves are actually the most important barometer for determining the condition of our lives!”


“The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them”

“Then the singing enveloped me. It was furry and resonant, coming from everyone's very heart. There was no sense of performance or judgment, only that the music was breath and food.”


“Love never comes with a brochure of rules and regulations, a prospectus with guides of what is acceptable and what is abominable. It’s a standard to follow your heart, and that’s what I did and if doing that hurt you, then I’m sorry… sorry for coming in your life and wasting your time, for causing you an anguish so great that you could not bear the sight of me. Today, I am proud to stand up and honour myself and proclaim to the world… yes, I loved someone more than myself. I loved someone truly, madly, deeply!”


“Lord, be my rock of safety, the stronghold that saves me. For the honor of your name lead me and guide me.”


“People inspire you, or they drain you. PICK THEM WISELY.”

“In the United States today, there is a pervasive tendency to treat children as adults, and adults as children. The options of children are thus steadily expanded, while those of adults are progressively constricted. The result is unruly children and childish adults. ”

“Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be.”


“Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.”

“Nothing can be sadder or more profound than to see a thousand things for the first and last time. To journey is to be born and die each minute...All the elements of life are in constant flight from us, with darkness and clarity intermingled, the vision and the eclipse; we look and hasten, reaching out our hands to clutch; every happening is a bend in the road...and suddenly we have grown old. We have a sense of shock and gathering darkness; ahead is a black doorway; the life that bore us is a flagging horse, and a veiled stranger is waiting in the shadows to unharness us. ”


“Echo of your thoughts are more important than your actions because that has greater impact on the world.”

“If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.”



“At the moment of commitment the entire universe conspires to assist you.”

“Love does not cost anything. Kind words and deeds do not cost anything. The real beauty of the world is equal for everyone to see. It was given by God equally to all, without restrictions.
Everyone, was given a beautiful vehicle in which to express love to others. Feelings are free to express and give to ourselves and each other through our willingness to give and care.
What is complicated about this... Why have we made others feel they have to climb mountains and swim oceans in order to make a difference.
All we need to understand my friends, is that human life was given equally to us all, not partially but in totality.
The sun was given to all. It does not shine on the few. So, just has nature is indifferent to our station or situation, we need to know that we are all equal. We need to focus on the things that are constant and not place our values on things that can be blown away with the next, great, wind.
Value life in what ever house it dwells. For when it comes time that we are all stripped to bare bones before the divine and facing eternity, we will understand that the only law we were meant to follow, was to love ourselves and each other. Nothing more...nothing less.”

“Because if you don't stand up for the stuff you don't like, when they come for the stuff you do like, you've already lost.”

“Love is what carries you, for it is always there, even in the dark, or most in the dark, but shining out at times like gold stitches in a piece of embroidery. ”


“Hang in there. It is astonishing how short a time it can take for very wonderful things to happen.”

“Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”


“Everyone you have ever loved in your life becomes a part of your soul. They never leave. They're always inside you, and you can bring them out whenever you want.”


“I always secretly looked forward to nothing going as planned. That way, I wasn't limited by my imagination. That way, anything can, and always did, happen.”

“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”


“True intimacy with God always brings humility.”

“I think . . . I said things to Silas. He'll be angry.'
'If he didn't care about you, you couldn't upset him,' was all she said.”


“Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.”

“How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.”


“Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts.”

“Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now...”

“Empowerment is the ability to refine, improve, and enhance your life without co-dependency.”


“Bid me run, and I will strive with things impossible.”


“To live is to choose. But to choose well, you must know who you are and what you stand for, where you want to go and why you want to get there.”

“Man thalabal 'ula sahiral layali
Siapa yang ingin mendapatkan kemuliaan maka bekerjalah sampai larut malam”

“First you find out what you have , Dad would say. Then you figure out how to make it work for what you need, 'cause you don't get what you want. You get just what you have and no more. ”


“If Harvey had not been taken from us 30 years ago, I think he would want me to say to all the gay and lesbian kids out there tonight who have been told they are less than by the churches, by the government, by their families, that you are beautiful, wonderful creatures of value, and that no matter what anyone tells you, God does love you and that very soon, I promise you, you will have equal rights, federally, across this great nation of ours.”

“Hidup sekali hiduplah yang berarti”

“When you're strong and good, then you're Bad.”

“Music is everywhere. It’s in the air between us, waiting to be sung.”


“Here’s the life lesson I’ve learned, Fifi: Some people are born to play the hero, and some are born to play the bad guy. Fighting your destiny only makes life harder than it needs to be. Besides, people remember the villain long after they’ve forgotten the hero.”

“Thus we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it.”


“But then I realized, they weren't calling out for their own mothers. Not those weak women, those victims. Drug addicts, shopaholics, cookie bakers. They didn't mean the women who let them down, who failed to help them into womanhood, women who let their boyfriends run a train on them. Bingers, purgers, women smiling into mirrors, women in girdles, women on barstools. Not those women with their complaints and their magazines, controlling women, women who asked, what's in in for me? Not the women watching TV while they made dinner, women who dyed their hair blond behind closed doors trying to look twenty-three. They didn't mean the mothers washing dishes wishing they'd never married, the ones in the ER, saying they fell down the stairs, not the ones in prison saying lonliness is the human condition, get used to it.
The wanted the real mother, the blood mother, the great womb, mother of fierce compassion, a woman large enough to hold all the pain, to carry it away. What we needed was someone who bled, someone deep and rich as a field, a wide-hipped mother, awesome, immense, women like huge soft couches, mothers coursing with blood, mothers big enough, wide enough for us to hid in, to sink down to the bottom of, mothers who would breathe for us when we could not breathe anymore, who would fight for us, who would kill for us, die for us.”


“If you are you, breathe. If you breathe, you talk. If you talk, you ask. If you ask, you think. If you think, you search. If you search, you experience. If you experience, you learn. If you learn, you grow. If you grow, you wish. If you wish, you find. And if you find, you doubt. If you doubt, you question. If you question, you understand and if you understand, you know. If you know, you want to know more. If you want to know, more you are alive.”

“A hundred years from now, people will look back on us and laugh. They'll say, 'You know what people used to believe? They believed in photons and electrons. Can you imagine anything so silly?' They'll have a good laugh, because by then there will be newer better fantasies... And meanwhile, you feel the way the boat moves? That's the sea. That's real. You smell the salt in the air? You feel the sunlight on your skin? That's all real. Life is wonderful. It's a gift to be alive, to see the sun and breathe the air. And there isn't really anything else.”


“And will you succeed?
Yes! You will, indeed!
(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed.)
KID, YOU'LL MOVE MOUNTAINS!
So...
be your name Buxbaum or Bixby or Bray
or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O'Shea,
you're off to Great Places!
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting.
So...get on your way!”



“Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand--and melting like a snowflake...”

“We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences”


“In all debates, let truth be thy aim, not victory, or an unjust interest.”

“You have forgotten the One
who doesn't care about ownership,
who doesn't try to turn a profit
from every human exchange.”


“The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.”

“Small mistakes tend to lead to large ones. Ours is a lifetime appoinment, and all you have is your reputation. Once it's gone, it doesn't comeback.”


“For too many centuries women have been being muses to artists. I wanted to be the muse, I wanted to be the wife of the artist, but I was really trying to avoid the final issue — that I had to do the job myself.”

“Leap and the net will appear”

“Therefore do not deceive yourself! Of all deceivers fear most yourself!”

“Only those are fit to live who do not fear to die; and none are fit to die who have shrunk from the joy of life and the duty of life. Both life and death are parts of the same Great Adventure.”

“When you stop existing and you start truly living, each moment of the day comes alive with the wonder and synchronicity.”


“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us the less taste we shall have for the destruction of our race. Wonder and humility are wholesome emotions, and they do not exist side by side with a lust for destruction.
{
Speech accepting the
Medal
}”

“Everybody’s damaged. It’s just a question of how badly, and whether you’re healing or still bleeding.”


“Not feeling is no replacement for reality. Your problems today are still your problems tomorrow”

“You understand reality while everyone else is running around confused and angry and upset because they think reality is something happening to them rather than something they are making every moment with every thought.”

“It's not about who you sleep with, or whether you know about sports or tools or have a pearl-wearing wife or whether commercials make you cry. [...] it's about whether you step up. When something hard comes along. A man steps up. He doesn't dodge it or run away from it or try to push it onto someone else. He steps up. Even if it isn't his responsibility. And that's why there are so many guys and so few men. Because stepping up is hard.”


“Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.”

“Be natural my children. For the writer that is natural has fulfilled all the rules of art."
(Last words, according to Dickens's obituary in
The Times
.)”


“Good thoughts and actions can never produce bad results; bad thoughts
and actions can never produce good results … We understand this law in
the natural world, and work with it; but few understand it in the mental
and moral world—although its operation there is just as simple and undeviating—
and they, therefore, do not cooperate with it.”


“ Learning without thinking is useless, but thinking without learning is very dangerous! ”


“When did wishing someone a Merry Christmas become politically incorrect?”


“Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.”

“He’d only ever seen a gun once, a smaller one on the hip of that old deputy, a gun he’d always figured was more for show. He stuffed a fistful of deadly rounds in his pocket, thinking how each one could end an individual life, and understanding why such things were forbidden. Killing a man should be harder than waving a length of pipe in their direction. It should take long enough for one’s conscience to get in the way.”


“Jealousy is the lock that closes your heart, understanding is the key that opens it.”

“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”


“The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.”

“The Bible that is falling apart usually belongs to someone who isn't.”


“The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.”


“Because I don’t believe that you are a slave to what you’ve become. I don’t believe that you simply can’t.”


“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”

“I run because if I didn’t, I’d be sluggish and glum and spend too much time on the couch. I run to breathe the fresh air. I run to explore. I run to escape the ordinary. I run…to savor the trip along the way. Life becomes a little more vibrant, a little more intense. I like that.”



“You say freak, I say unique.”

“It’s the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth.”


“The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not to be traded and conceptualized and squeezed into a patter of systems.”


“We can choose to throw stones, to stumble on them, to climb over them, or to build with them.”

“Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases...When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose...But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.”


“لو كان الفقر رجلاً لقتلته !”

“God not only loves the obedient - He enlightens them.”

“Everybody in this life has their challenges and difficulties. That is part of our mortal test. The reason for some of these trials cannot be readily understood except on the basis of faith and hope because there is often a larger purpose which we do not always understand. Peace comes through hope.”

“Sacrfice," the captain said. "You made one. I made one. We all made them. But you were angry over yours. You kept thinking about what you lost. You didn't get it. Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to.”


“Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It s courage that counts.”

“Be loved, be admired, be necessary; be somebody.”


“There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done.”

“عندما تتأمل الوجود من حولك، انظر إليه كأنك تراه لأول مرة. إن الاعتياد على الأشياء التي حولنا يمثل حجابا بيننا وبين حقيقتها، يسمونه «حجاب الاعتياد».”


“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”

“...A scar signifies past pain, a wound that did not heal as it ought. But it testifies, too, to survival...(Here be Dragons)”

“Is death the last sleep? No, it is the last and final awakening.”

“I am unable to believe in a God susceptible to prayer. I simply haven't the nerve to imagine a being, a force, a cause which keeps the planets revolving in their orbits, and then suddenly stops in order to give me a bicycle with three speeds.”

“Our hearts have been made for you, O God, and they shall never rest until they rest in you.”

“The world is full of people who all want the same thing, and you have to do a little something extra to make them remember you.”


“That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed, but our power to do so is increased.”

“You must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his Personal Legend. If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't a true love.. the love that speaks the language of the world.”

“It ain't no sin to be glad you're alive.”

“From "Wetness and Water"
How does a part of the world leave the world?
How can wetness leave water?
Do not try to put out a fire
by throwing on more fire.
Do not wash a wound with blood.
No matter how fast you run,
your shadow more than keeps up.
Sometimes it's in front.
Only full, overhead sun
diminishes your shadow.
But that shadow has been serving you.
What hurts you blesses you.
Darkness is your candle.
Your boundaries are your quest.”


“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”


“Don't you know how sweet and wonderful life can be?”

“I'm not sure this will make sense to you, but I felt as though I'd turned around to look in a different direction, so that I no longer faced backward toward the past, but forward toward the future. And now the question confronting me was this: What would that future be? The moment this question formed in my mind, I knew with as much certainty as I'd ever known anything that sometime during that day I would receive a sign. This was why the bearded man had opened the window in my dream. He was saying to me, "Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.”


“Let each man take the path according to his capacity, understanding and temperament. His true guru will meet him along that path.”

“Answered prayer is the interchange of love between the Father and His child.”

“Be a light unto the world, and hurt it not. Seek to build not destroy. Bring My people home.
How?
By your shining example. Seek only Godliness. Speak only in truthfulness. Act only in love.
Live the Law of Love now and forever more. Give everything require nothing.
Avoid the mundane.
Do not accept the unacceptable.
Teach all who seek to learn of Me.
Make every moment of your life an outpouring of love.
Use every moment to think the highest thought, say the highest word, do the highest deed. In this, glorify your Holy Self, and thus too, glorify Me.
Bring peace to the Earth by bringing peace to all those whose lives you touch. Be peace. Feel and express in every moment your Divine Connection with the All, and with every person, place, and thing.
Embrace every circumstance, own every fault, share every joy, contemplate every mystery, walk in every man’s shoes, forgive every offense (including your own), heal every heart, honor every person’s truth, adore every person’s God, protect every person’s rights, preserve every person’s dignity, promote every person’s interests, provide every person’s needs, presume every person’s holiness, present every person’s greatest gifts, produce every person’s blessing, pronounce every person’s future secure in the assured love of God.
Be a living, breathing example of the Highest Truth that resides within you. Speak humbly of yourself, lest someone mistake your Highest Truth for boast. Speak softly, lest someone think you are merely calling for attention. Speak gently, that all might know of Love. Speak openly, lest someone think you have something to hide. Speak candidly, so you cannot be mistaken. Speak often, so that your word may truly go forth. Speak respectfully, that no one be dishonored. Speak lovingly, that every syllable may heal. Speak of Me with every utterance. Make of your life a gift. Remember always, you are the gift!
Be a gift to everyone who enters your life, and to everyone whose life you enter. Be careful not to enter another’s life if you cannot be a gift. (You can always be a gift, because you always are the gift—yet sometimes you don’t let yourself know that.) When someone enters your life unexpectedly, look for the gift that person has come to receive from you…I HAVE SENT YOU NOTHING BUT ANGELS.”



“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go........is found freedom. In the letting go........ is found the flight!”

“Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.”

“Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.”


“If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.”


“You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.”


“Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.”


“Once you start recognizing the truth of your story, finish the story. It happened but you're still here, you're still capable, powerful, you're not your circumstance. It happened and you made it through. You're still fully equipped with every single tool you need to fulfill your purpose.”

“Write to please just one person. If you open a window and make love to the world, so to speak, your story will get pneumonia.”


“Thus, when we plead for the gift of charity, we aren't asking for lovely feelings toward someone who bugs us or someone who has injured or wounded us. We are actually pleading for our very natures to be changed, for our character and disposition to become more and more like the Savior's, so that we literally feel as He would feel and thus do what He would do.”


“She was so intelligent that she could think herself into beauty. Intelligence...they don't talk about it much, the poets, but when a woman is intelligent and passionate and good...”


“Why choose to fail when success is an option?”

“Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet
voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow.”

“I never thought of it like that. I always thought of you as a part of me, like my own eyes or my own hands. You don't go around thinking 'I love my eyes, I love my hands', do you? But think what it would be like to live without your eyes or your hands. To be mad, or to be blind. I can't talk about it. It's how I feel.”


“So that the new generation that will be born can enjoy happiness.
To pay the cost we will have to shoulder corpses and cross a river of blood
(Riza Hawkeye -- Fullmetal Alchemist)”

“بس اللي متأكد منه بقه هو ان أكبر و أعظم موهبة في الدنيا هي موهبة الحياة نفسها. و أعتقد كمان ان الموهبة دي تحديديا كل البشر مزودين بيها. الموهبة اللي تقدر تمكنك من انك تعيش الدنيا بتوازن؛ تحب الحياة بس ما تتعلقش بيها, تختلف عن الاخرين بس ما تكرهمش, تنتمي لأي حاجة بس من غير تعصب, تسامح بس ما تنساش, ترفض بتعقل, تفرح باتزان, تعيش بس ما تنساش الموت, تتخيل بس ما تبعدش عن الحقيقة, تبقى طموح بس ما تطمعش, تسأل بس ما تكفرش , تعيش باتزان.”

“But what he didn't understand was that this dreamland was preferable,walking through this life half-sleeping,everything at arm's length or farther away.
I understood those mermaids.I didn't care if they sang to me.All I wanted was to block out all the human voices as they called me name again and again,pulling me upward into light,to drown.”


“I will not know that day has come because I will not stop trying.”


“The easiest way to do anything is properly.”

“You will find, that when you have someone to love, that the face is less important than the brain, and the body is less important than the heart.”

“What we instill in our children will be the foundation upon which they build their future.”


“Cause I am strong and I can prove it
And I got my dreams to see me through
It's just a mountain, I can move it
And with faith enough there's nothing I can't do
And I can see the light of a clear blue morning
And I can see the light of brand new day
I can see the light of a clear blue morning
And everything's gonna be all right
It's gonna be okay
[lyrics from "Light of a Clear Blue Morning"]”

“Feeling without judgement is a washy draught indeed; but judgement untempered by feeling is too bitter and husky a morsel for human deglutition.”


“don't you think between here and now we will see each other once or twice?”

“I think there’s no greater joy than completing a song out of thin air. It’s like inventing something, but it’s invisible, you know? It’s weird. It amazes me. You can send it out in the world, and that’s the joy. It’s like giving birth to all these songs and letting them go like they’re your kids.”

“You don't know what you can get away with until you try.”

“It’s called mind over matter. If we don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.”

“Not cry. Fly.
“I can’t fly,” Bran said. “I can’t, I can’t…”
How do you know? Have you ever tried?
The voice was high and thin. Bran looked around to see where it was coming from. A crow was spiraling down with him, just out of touch, following him as he fell. “Help me,” he said.
I’m trying, the crow replied…
The crow took to the air and flapped around Bran’s hand.
“You have wings,” Bran pointed out.
Maybe you do too.
Bran felt along his shoulders, groping for feathers.
There are different kinds of wings, the crow said…
Bran was falling faster than ever. The grey mists howled around him as he plunged toward the earth below. “What are you doing to me?” he asked the crow, tearful.
Teaching you how to fly.
“I can’t fly!”
You’re flying right now.
“I’m falling!”
Every flight begins with a fall, the crow said. Look down.”


“He gave her his phone number, in a peculiar reversal of dating procedure. She might have considered kissing him, even after the horrible first date, but he just didn’t seem to know what to do. However, Jeremy does have one outstanding quality. He likes her. And this quality in a person makes them infinitely interesting to the person who is being liked.”


“AUM or Om is not related to any religion because Om was practiced before the birth of all the religions of the world.”


“You are beautiful. Know this. Anyone who tells you otherwise is simply lying. You are beautiful.”



“A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”

“Freedom is indivisible; the chains on any one of my people were the chains on all of them, the chains on all of my people were the chains on me.”


“Don't let anyone take care of you. Can you maybe leave that for me to do? I mean, take care of you? Feel free to take care of me in return... because I think I'll need you to do that.”


“The romantics would call this a love story, the cynics would call it a tragedy. In my mind it’s a little bit of both, and no matter how you choose to view it in the end, it does not change the fact that it involves a great deal of my life and the path I’ve chosen to follow.”


“In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.”


“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”


“I've always wanted to be a cat. Warm and domesticated when you want to be, wild when you don't.”


“Rule your mind or it will rule you.”

“Bean finds the best apple in our tree and hands it up to me. "You know what this tastes like when you first bite into it?" she asks.
"No, what?"
"Blue sky."
"You're zoomed."
"You ever eat blue sky?"
"No," I admit.
"Try it sometime," she says. "It's apple-flavored.”


“A woman in her thirties came to see me. As she greeted me, I could sense the pain behind her polite and superficial smile. She started telling me her story, and within one second her smile changed into a grimace of pain. Then, she began to sob uncontrollably. She said she felt lonely and unfulfilled.
There was much anger and sadness. As a child she had been abused by a physically violent father. I saw quickly that her pain was not caused by her present life circumstances but by an extraordinarily heavy pain-body. Her pain-body had become the filter through which she viewed her life situation.
She was not yet able to see the link between the emotional pain and her thoughts, being completely identified with both. She could not yet see that she was feeding the pain-body with her thoughts. In other words, she lived with the burden of a deeply unhappy self. At some level, however, she must have realized that her pain originated within herself, that she was a burden to herself. She was ready to awaken, and this is why she had come.
I directed the focus of her attention to what she was feeling inside her body and asked her to sense the emotion directly, instead of through the filter of her unhappy thoughts, her unhappy story. She said she had come expecting me to show her the way out of her unhappiness, not into it.
Reluctantly, however, she did what I asked her to do. Tears were rolling down her face, her whole body was shaking. “At this moment, this is what you feel.” I said. “There is nothing you can do about the fact that at this moment this is what you feel. Now, instead of wanting this moment to be different from the way it is, which adds more pain to the pain that is already there, is it possible for you to completely accept that this is what you feel right now?”
She was quiet for a moment. Suddenly she looked impatient, as if she was about to get up, and said angrily, “No, I don't want to accept this.” “Who is speaking?” I asked her. “You or the unhappiness in you? Can you see that your unhappiness about being unhappy is just another layer of unhappiness?” She became quiet again. “I am not asking you to do anything. All I'm asking is that you find out whether it is possible for you to allow those feelings to be there. In other words, and this may sound strange, if you don't mind being unhappy, what happens to the unhappiness? Don't you want to find out?”
She looked puzzled briefly, and after a minute or so of sitting silently, I suddenly noticed a significant shift in her energy field. She said, “This is weird. I 'm still unhappy, but now there is space around it. It seems to matter less.”
This was the first time I heard somebody put it like that: There is space around my unhappiness. That space, of course, comes when there is inner acceptance of whatever you are experiencing in the present moment.
I didn't say much else, allowing her to be with the experience. Later she came to understand that the moment she stopped identifying with the feeling, the old painful emotion that lived in her, the moment she put her attention on it directly without trying to resist it, it could no longer control her thinking and so become mixed up with a mentally constructed story called “The Unhappy Me.” Another dimension had come into her life that transcended her personal past – the dimension of Presence. Since you cannot be unhappy without an unhappy story, this was the end of her unhappiness. It was also the beginning of the end of her pain-body. Emotion in itself is not unhappiness. Only emotion plus an unhappy story is unhappiness.
When our session came to an end, it was fulfilling to know that I had just witnessed the arising of Presence in another human being. The very reason for our existence in human form is to bring that dimension of consciousness into this world. I had also witnessed a diminishment of the pain-body, not through fighting it but through bringing the light of consciousness to it.”


“I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.”

“Most women go through life looking for love, and looking for someone to treat them like a queen. For some women finding real love seems to be something that will never happen. I believe that finding love is not as hard as people make it seem. The reason that some women can't find real love is because they look for more than just real love. A lot of women know what they need in a relationship, and thats for a man to love that woman with all of his heart, and to treat her real good. Most women have guys in their life or guys that try to get with them that could really love them and treat them real good. Those are usually the guys that get forced into that friend zone or rejected upfront. See those guys could give them what they need, but not what they want. “Wants” can be anything from a woman wanting a man to have certain materialistic things, or she could want him to look a certain way, those are a few examples of the things that some of them want, but they vary depending on the female. What some females don't understand is that none of the things that they want has anything with love or how that person will treat you. You could find a man that looks perfect, has a house and car, he can be a college graduate with a good job, and you could still end up being with a person that doesn't truly love you, and will treat you like shit. What I am trying to say is that the person who could treat you good and really love you could already be in your life, but you could have been blinded by the things you want in a man so you overlooked the person that you were really looking for. And by the way there are men that do the same thing; I just wanted to be clear on that.”

“The Jewish sages also tell us that God dances when His children defeat Him in argument, when they stand on their feet and use their minds. So questions like Anne's are worth asking. To ask them is a very fine kind of human behavior. If we keep demanding that God yield up His answers, perhaps some day we will understand them. And then we will be something more than clever apes, and we shall dance with God.”


“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”

“I wished the dream were real, and this reality a dream. But that wasn't the case. And that was why, whenever I woke up, I'd be crying. It wasn't because I was sad. When you return from a happy dream to sad reality, there's a chasm you have to step across, and you can't cross it without shedding tears. It doesn't matter how many times you do it.”

“Have you ever played chess, Kitty?”
I eyed her. What did a board game have to do with this? “Not really.”
“You and I should play sometime. I think you would like it,” she said. “It’s a game of strategy, mostly. The strong pieces are in the back row, while the weak pieces—the pawns—are all in the front, ready to take the brunt of the attack. Because of their limited movement and vulnerability, most people underestimate them and only use them to protect the more powerful pieces. But when I play, I protect my pawns.”
“Why?” I said, not entirely sure where this conversation was going. “If they’re weak, then what’s the point?”
“They may be weak when the game begins, but their potential is remarkable. Most of the time, they’ll be taken by the other side and held captive until the end of the game. But if you’re careful—if you keep your eyes open and pay attention to what your opponent is doing, if you protect your pawns and they reach the other side of the board, do you know what happens then?”
I shook my head, and she smiled.
“Your pawn becomes a queen.” She touched my cheek, her fingers cold as ice. “Because they kept moving forward and triumphed against impossible odds, they become the most powerful piece in the game. Never forget that, all right? Never forget the potential one solitary pawn has to change the entire game.”


“You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house and if you got a glass jaw, you should watch yo mouth: cause I'll break yo face.”

“Menjadi kuat bukan berarti kamu tahu segalanya. Bukan berarti kamu tidak bisa hancur. Kekuatanmu ada pada kemampuanmu bangkit kembali setelah berkali-kali jatuh. Jangan pikirkan kamu akan sampai di mana dan kapan. Tidak ada yang tahu.
Your strength is simply your will to go on.
Supernova: Partikel”


“Start telling the story of your amazing life, and the law of attraction must make sure you receive it!”


“We are built for the valley, for the ordinary stuff we are in, and that is where we have to prove our mettle. ”

“Time is cruel like life. It slows down so that you can truly experience the worst moments of it. Only if you make it through them do you get to say ‘It all happened so fast.”


“If you contemplate the Golden Rule, it turns out to be an injunction to live by grace rather than by what you think other people deserve.”


“A little bit of fragrance always clings to the hands that gives you roses”

“Most people who think they're happy are really just stupid.”


“Stories change us; they change the world. People are stories of themselves.”


“Everything changes except the love.”

“It's hard not to be a fighter when you're constantly under siege.”

“Their Maker, she said, gives them the sky to carry because they are strong. These people do not know who they are, but if you see a lot of trouble in your life, it is because you were chosen to carry part of the sky on your head. -pg. 25”

“What you encounter, recognize or discover depends to a large degree on the quality of your approach. Many of the ancient cultures practiced careful rituals of approach. An encounter of depth and spirit was preceded by careful preparation.
When we approach with reverence, great things decide to approach us. Our real life comes to the surface and its light awakens the concealed beauty in things. When we walk on the earth with reverence, beauty will decide to trust us. The rushed heart and arrogant mind lack the gentleness and patience to enter that embrace.”


“We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.”



“Don't think or judge, just listen.”


“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.”

“One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.”

“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.”

“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.”

“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”

“You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.”

“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”

“Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.”


“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”

“Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.”

“We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.”

“There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.”

“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.”

“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”


“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”

“No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.”

“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”

“Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.”

“They say a good love is one that sits you down, gives you a drink of water, and pats you on top of the head. But I say a good love is one that casts you into the wind, sets you ablaze, makes you burn through the skies and ignite the night like a phoenix; the kind that cuts you loose like a wildfire and you can't stop running simply because you keep on burning everything that you touch! I say that's a good love; one that burns and flies, and you run with it!”

“I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!”

“People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!”

“No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it”


“You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away.”

“Home is the place where, when you have to go there, They have to take you in.”

“I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.”


“You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!”

“If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.”

“I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.”

“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”

“You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.”

“She was free in her wildness. She was a wanderess, a drop of free water. She belonged to no man and to no city”



“I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.”

“Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.”

“My Life is My Message”

“The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.”

“I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.”

“Things end. People leave. And you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?”


“When you go through a hard period,
When everything seems to oppose you,
... When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute,
NEVER GIVE UP!
Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!”


“If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.”

“Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.”

“You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination.”

“It's time to start living the life you've imagined.”

“When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.”

“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”

“No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!”

“One of the most scariest thing in life is when you come to the realization that the only thing that can save you is...yourself”

“I've come to believe that there exists in the universe something I call "The Physics of The Quest" — a force of nature governed by laws as real as the laws of gravity or momentum. And the rule of Quest Physics maybe goes like this: "If you are brave enough to leave behind everything familiar and comforting (which can be anything from your house to your bitter old resentments) and set out on a truth-seeking journey (either externally or internally), and if you are truly willing to regard everything that happens to you on that journey as a clue, and if you accept everyone you meet along the way as a teacher, and if you are prepared – most of all – to face (and forgive) some very difficult realities about yourself... then truth will not be withheld from you." Or so I've come to believe.”


“And I told him, I said: "One day you're going to miss the subway because it's not going to come. One of these days, it's going to break down and it's not going to come around and everyone else will just wait for the next one or will take the bus, or walk, or run to the next station: they will go on with their lives. And you're not going to be able to go on with your life! You'll be standing there, in the subway station, staring at the tube. Why? Because you think that everything has to happen perfectly and on time and when you think it's going to happen! Well guess what! That's not how things happen! And you'll be the only one who's not going to be able to go on with life, just because your subway broke down. So you know what, you've got to let go, you've got to know that things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen, but that's okay, because there's always the bus, there's always the next station...you can always take a cab.”

“I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.”

“When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.”

“The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn”

“Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.”

“I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.”

“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”

“Hearts may break, but hearts are the toughest of muscles, able to pump for a lifetime, seventy times a minute, and scarcely falter along the way. Even dreams, the most delicate and intangible of things, can prove remarkably difficult to kill.”


“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”

“You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.”

“Love.
Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio.
The real kind.
The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres.
The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish.
The kind that can forgives. The kind that believes in healing.
The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed.
The real kind of love.
It's rare and we have it..”


“In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!”

“I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.”

“We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.”

“Scars are just another kind of memory.”



“True beauty, the kind that doesn't fade or wash off, takes time. It takes incredible endurance. It is the slow drip that creates the stalactite, the shaking of the Earth that creates mountains, the constant pounding of the waves that breaks up the rocks and smooths the rough edges. And from the violence, the furor, the raging of the winds, the roaring of the waters, something better emerges, something that would have otherwise never existed.
And so we endure. We have faith that there is purpose. We hope for things we can't see. We believe there are lessons in loss, power in love, and that we have within us the potential for a beauty so magnificent, our bodies can't contain it.”


“Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because don't know what to do with it.”


“I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me... I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.”

“Our bodies have five senses: touch, smell, taste, sight, hearing. But not to be overlooked are the senses of our souls: intuition, peace, foresight, trust, empathy. The differences between people lie in their use of these senses; most people don't know anything about the inner senses while a few people rely on them just as they rely on their physical senses, and in fact probably even more.”

“I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.”

“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”

“Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.”

“This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.”

“It should be a privilege to be able to say "I love you" to someone. It shouldn't be something people say just because they feel like it. A privilege that is earned. They say you have to earn the right to be loved; no, love is unconditional, if you love someone, they don't have to earn it. But. The right to tell someone that you love them? That has to be earned. You have to earn the right to be believed.”

“I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.”

“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”

“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”

“Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.
No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today.
Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it!
This life makes no room for cowards.”


“True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.”


“But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things.”


“Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.”

“I am an extremely sincere individual. I am sincere, to a fault. One of the many things that I have come to realize, to learn, is that sincerity must be reserved and given only to those who deserve it. And one must save one's emotions, channeling them only to the people who are worthy of it. One must not throw one's pearls to the pigs.”

“Hidup harus terus berlanjut,tidak peduli seberapa menyakitkan atau membahagiakan, biar waktu yg menjadi obat”


“Elegance is a glowing inner peace. Grace is an ability to give as well as to receive and be thankful. Mystery is a hidden laugh always ready to surface! Glamour only radiates if there is a sublime courage & bravery within: glamour is like the moon; it only shines because the sun is there.”

“There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.”

“Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time...where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you... you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.”


“My father used to say that life is what you make it. Today is the first day of the rest of your life. You can’t change the past, but the future isn’t set in stone. You can effect a change there. Move forward not with hatred or love. Move forward with purpose. (Simone)”


“There is a magnificent, beautiful, wonderful painting in front of you! It is intricate, detailed, a painstaking labor of devotion and love! The colors are like no other, they swim and leap, they trickle and embellish! And yet you choose to fixate your eyes on the small fly which has landed on it! Why do you do such a thing?”

“The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.”

“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”

“To those who are given much, much is expected.”

“I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.”



“Ends are not bad things, they just mean that something else is about to begin. And there are many things that don't really end, anyway, they just begin again in a new way. Ends are not bad and many ends aren't really an ending; some things are never-ending.”

“Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.”

“I believe in strong women. I believe in the woman who is able to stand up for herself. I believe in the woman who doesn't need to hide behind her husband's back. I believe that if you have problems, as a woman you deal with them, you don't play victim, you don't make yourself look pitiful, you don't point fingers. You stand and you deal. You face the world with a head held high and you carry the universe in your heart.”

“There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.”

“Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?”

“...remember one thing only: that it's you-nobody else-who determines your destiny and decides your fate. Nobody else can be alive for you; nor can you be alive for anybody else.”

“Daun yang jatuh tak pernah membenci angin, dia membiarkan dirinya jatuh begitu saja. Tak melawan, mengikhlaskan semuanya.
Bahwa hidup harus menerima, penerimaan yang indah. Bahwa hidup harus mengerti, pengertian yang benar. Bahwa hidup harus memahami, pemahaman yang tulus.
Tak peduli lewat apa penerimaan, pengertian, pemahaman itu datang. Tak masalah meski lewat kejadian yang sedih dan menyakitkan. Biarkan dia jatuh sebagaimana mestinya. Biarkan angin merengkuhnya, membawa pergi entah kemana.”


“In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.”


“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”

“Being vegan is easy. Are there social pressures that encourage you to continue to eat, wear, and use animal products? Of course there are. But in a patriarchal, racist, homophobic, and ableist society, there are social pressures to participate and engage in sexism, racism, homophobia, and ableism. At some point, you have to decide who you are and what matters morally to you. And once you decide that you regard victimizing vulnerable nonhumans is not morally acceptable, it is easy to go and stay vegan”

“Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.”


“Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me”

“Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.”

“There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down– they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!”

“You can run away from yourself so often, and so much, just because the broken pieces of you cut your feet too deeply if you stay around for too long. But then what if someone were to come along and pick up those pieces for you? Then you wouldn't have to run away from yourself anymore. You could stop running. If someone sees you as something worth staying with— maybe you'll stay with yourself, too.”

“Kemudian yang kamu perlukan hanyalah kaki yang akan melangkah lebih jauh, tangan yang akan berbuat lebih banyak, mata yang akan melihat lebih lama, leher yang akan lebih sering mendongak, tekad yang setebal baja, dan hati yang akan bekerja lebih keras serta mulut yang selalu berdoa.”


“Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present".”


“As you go about your daily life, you will encounter many lemons. Sour expressions, sour attitudes, sour auras! The good thing is that if you don't want to be a lemon, you don't have to be! Just don't let those lemons rub themselves all over you! And you don't even have to save them! Let lemons be lemons! One of the most important things that I have ever learned, is that I don't have to save people.”

“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”


“It's not our job to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world. It's our job to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless.”


“In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.”

“Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.”

“Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”

“For some people, “the point of no return” begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others’ existence.”

“Peace is the number one beautiful ornament you can wear, I really believe that. They say you should always wear a smile, but I don't believe that you should "always" wear a smile, seriously, you're going to look stupid! But peace, you should always carry peace within you, its the most beautifying thing you could ever have or do. Peace makes your heart beautiful and it makes you look beautiful, too. You want to have perfect physical posture when you stand, sit, and walk, and peace is the perfect posture of the soul, really. Try perfect posture outside as well as inside. Peace creates grace and grace gives peace.”

“When things go bad, don't go with them.”


“I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears”

“God always gives his best to those who leave the choice with him”

“Walau tak ada yang sempurna, hidup ini indah begini adanya.
Filosofi Kopi
”


“Dare to love yourself
as if you were a rainbow
with gold at both ends.”



“Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing"; - "We accept the love we think we deserve,”


“Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.”

“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”

“Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.”


“We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.”


“If you swim effortlessly in the deep oceans, ride the waves to and from the shore, if you can breathe under water and dine on the deep treasures of the seas; mark my words, those who dwell on the rocks carrying nets will try to reel you into their catch. The last thing they want is for you to thrive in your habitat because they stand in their atmosphere where they beg and gasp for some air.”

“إذا كنت لاترى إلا مايظهره النور، ولاتسمع إلا ماتعلنه الأصوات فأنت بالحقيقة لاترى ولاتسمع٠”

“If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.”

“Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.”


“Bagiku ada sesuatu yang paling berharga dan hakiki dalam kehidupan: 'dapat mencintai, dapat iba hati, dapat merasai kedukaan'. Tanpa itu semua maka kita tidak lebih dari benda. Berbahagialah orang yang masih mempunyai rasa cinta, yang belum sampai kehilangan benda yang paling bernilai itu. Kalau kita telah kehilangan itu maka absurdlah hidup kita”


“She made broken look beautiful
and strong look invincible.
She walked with the Universe
on her shoulders and made it
look like a pair of wings.”

“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”


“And it's the funniest thing: as soon as I see it, the whistling in my ears stops and the feeling of terror drains away, and I realize this whole time I haven't been falling at all. I've been floating.”


“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”

“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”


“It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!”

“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”

“Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under!”

“Do not ignore you gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute BEST with the LEAST amount of effort."~Steve Harvey”


“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”

“I am not an optimist, but a great believer of hope.”

“The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.”

“Open your mind before your mouth”

“I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?”

“You become more divine as you become more creative. All the religions of the world have said God is the creator. I don’t know whether he is the creator or not, but one thing I know: the more creative you become, the more godly you become. When your creativity comes to a climax, when your whole life becomes creative, you live in God. So he must be the creator because people who have been creative have been closest to him. Love what you do. Be meditative while you are doing it – whatsoever it is”

“You are what you share.”


“My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.”

“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”

“University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.”

“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”

“For those who are not frightened by the solitude, everything will have a different taste.
In solitude, they will discover the love that might otherwise arrive unnoticed.
In solitude, they will understand and respect the love that left them.
In solitude, they will be able to decide whether it is worth asking that lost love to come back or if they should simply let it go and set off along a new path.
In solitude, they will learn that saying ‘No’ does not always show a lack of generosity and that saying ‘Yes’ is not always a virtue.
And those who are alone at this moment, need never be frightened by the words of the devil: ‘You’re wasting your time.’
Or by the chief demon’s even more potent words: ‘No one cares about you.’
The Divine Energy is listening to us when we speak to other people, but also when we are still and silent and able to accept solitude as a blessing.
And when we achieve that harmony, we receive more than we asked for.”



“The past has no power to stop you
from being present now.
Only your grievance about
the past can do that.
What is grievance?
The baggage of old
thought and emotion.”

“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”


“The Futures Bright, Wear Your Sunglasses”

“It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.”

“Prayer is the mortar that holds our house together.”

“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”

“Sesungguhnya, terlalu perhatiannya orangtua kita adalah gangguan terindah yang pernah bisa kita terima”


“Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success.”


“إن الحب كقيمة مطلقة سرٌ كبيرٌ من اسرار الدنيا ، لا يعيه إلا الإنسان المحظوظ النقي القادر دوماً على تجديد شباب قلبه بالعطاء والتسامح.
يبدأ الإنسان منا حياته متدفقاً بالحب والحنان والتفاؤل والثقة ثم يجف هذا النبع العاطفي في قلبه كلما كبر ، ويتحول مع الزمن إلى عجوز أناني بخيل لا يحس إلا مصلحته ولا يجري إلا خلف منفعته ، والسبب أن أحلامه الصغيرة وعواطفه الصافية تصطدم مرة بعد مرة بما يخيب أمله ويزلزل ثقته في الدنيا وفي الناس
-يتعثر الإنسان في مشوار حياته ومع تكرار العثرات والتجارب الفاشلة لا يجد في قلبه رصيداً يغطي هذا الفشل ، ويحفظ له ابتسامته وتفاؤله فيفقد النضارة ويجف ويقسو ، ويتحول سخطه إلى سخط على الدنيا كلها
والسبب أنه لم يجد كفايته من الحنان ، لم يجده في الدنيا ولم يجده في قلبه فأفلس .
والدليل على هذا أن القلب الكبير لا يحدث له هذا الجفاف مهما كبر وشاخ لأنه يجد في نفسه القدرة على بذل الحنان دائماً مهما حدث له ومهما تلقى من صدمات . وبهذه القوة وحدها يسترد حب الناس الذي فقده ويسترد ثقته في الدنيا”


“You can see the whole entire world in the eyes of a person who knows how to simply stand there and take all of it into him but then you can look into the eyes of someone else and the whole entire world goes away and all that's left is you.”


“Father sat down on the edge of the narrow bed. "Corrie," he began gently, "when you and I go to Amsterdam-when do I give you your ticket?"
I sniffed a few times, considering this.
"Why, just before we get on the train."
"Exactly. And our wise Father in heaven knows when we're going to need things, too. Don't run out ahead of Him, Corrie. When the time comes that some of us will have to die, you will look into your heart and find the strength you need-just in time.”


“Only you can take inner freedom away from yourself, or give it to yourself. Nobody else can.”


“You just have to say to yourself, "I am not willing to accept anything less than what I deserve! I am smart! I am Beautiful! I am a good woman and I deserve to be happy!" It all starts with you.”


“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.”


“You're only human. You live once and life is wonderful so eat the damn red velvet cupcake!”

“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”

“I don't dream at night, I dream at day, I dream all day; I'm dreaming for living.”

“Real intimacy is a sacred experience. It never exposes its secret trust and belonging to the voyeuristic eye of a neon culture. Real intimacy is of the soul, and the soul is reserved.”


“The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I... I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.”

“عيب الإنسان الأكبر هو إنكاره عيوبه, ودفاعه المستميت عنها.”


“No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.”


“If you are too busy to pray, you are busier than God wants you to be.”


“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.”

“I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.”

“I have a dream.” “Is your dream very big?” “No.” “Well is it very grand?” “Not either.” “Neither?” “Neither.” “What is it then?” “It is very shiny.”

“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”

“Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.”

“...don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”


“May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.”

“I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth... for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.”

“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”

“‎"What does it mean if i'm afraid? Does it mean something bad is going to happen?" "No, it doesn't mean something bad is going to happen. It just means that you have the chance to be brave.”

“I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.”

“My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.”

“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on. Never think that you cannot talk to someone because they have problems to or that your friend or loved one would be better off without you or your problems. You'll soon find out that they need you just as much as you need them.”

“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”



“Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.”

“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”

“Why do we always begin to think about people when they die? I think we should think about people while they're still alive! That way, they can know that we're thinking about them! I always tell people when I'm thinking about them, or that I thought about them, or that I have been thinking about them and it almost always scares them away, but so what, I am practicing the art of life and if that is frightening to them then maybe they need to start living while they're still alive!”

“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”

“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”

“see beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!”


“Even when muddy your wings sparkle bright wonders that heal broken worlds.”


“Mga bata pa kayo. Pag pinaniwalaan namin kayong hindi kayo naglaro ng tubig kahit na basang-basa ang mga damit ninyo, kayo ang niloloko namin. Hindi kayo ang nakakapanloko.”


“Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.”

“A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would”


“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”

“Self love is the elixir of an immortal heart.”

“A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.”


“Man is not defiled by his impurities. It is the other man pointing out his impurities to him, whom he is defiled by. Is there anything anyone can do, to become righteous, anyway? God made us impure. If he had a problem with that, He would have made us gods, instead.”

“Life will just not wait for us to live it:
We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live”

“Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.”


“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”


“I am; I was. I want to be.”


“Life is not compassionate towards victims. The trick is not to see yourself as one. It's never too late! I know I've felt like the victim in various situations in my life, but, it's never too late for me to realize that it's my responsibility to stand on victorious ground and know that whatever it is I'm experiencing or going through, those are just the clouds rolling by while I stand here on the top of this mountain! This mountain called Victory! The clouds will come and the clouds will go, but the truth is that I'm high up here on this mountaintop that reaches into the sky! I am a victor. I didn't climb up the mountain, I was born on top of it!”

“Celebrate who you are in your deepest heart. Love yourself and the world will love you.”

“For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me want to dream.”


“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”

“What if you could pick one day of your life, and everything would stop changing, every day would be similar and comparable to that one day, you'd always have the same people with you? If you could do that, would you do it? Would you pick that day and make that choice? We crave for things to stop changing, we wish that things would never change. But if we got what we wanted, there are so many things that are better, that we would never, ever know about. Sure, things would stay the same as that one wonderful day, but then there would be nothing else out there, ever. So can you remember the very first day when everything really did begin to change? Is there a thing that can remind you? Mine is a blue rose, and that's when everything began to change because that's the day I began to believe in things I never believed in before; the day I found three blue roses. Think about your first day of change, can you remember all the new heights you've soared since that day? All the new people? All the better things and times? Would you throw all of that time away? I wouldn't. Instead, I want to finally accept all the things that I couldn't change, which led to me being right here, right now. Maybe we all carry around inside us one day we wish we could keep forever, something we wished never did change. It's time to let go of that day, and soar.”

“In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.”



“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”


“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go........is found freedom. In the letting go........ is found the flight!”

“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”

“Anger is an essential part of being human. People are taught to deny themselves anger, and in this, they are actually opening themselves up to hate. The more you deny yourself the freedom to be angry, the more you will hate. Let yourself be angry, and hate will disintegrate, and when hate disintegrates, forgiveness prevails! The more you deny that you are angry, in attempts to be "holy" the more inhuman you will become, and the more inhuman you will become, the harder it will be to forgive.”

“The only thing that will ever make me fall in love is: if I fall in love.”

“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just
one star
to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”


“so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”

“Your success and happiness lie in you.”

“Orang-orang itu telah melupakan bahwa belajar tidaklah melulu untuk mengejar dan membuktikan sesuatu, namun belajar itu sendiri, adalah perayaan dan penghargaan pada diri sendiri. (hlm. 197)”


“Most women go through life looking for love, and looking for someone to treat them like a queen. For some women finding real love seems to be something that will never happen. I believe that finding love is not as hard as people make it seem. The reason that some women can't find real love is because they look for more than just real love. A lot of women know what they need in a relationship, and thats for a man to love that woman with all of his heart, and to treat her real good. Most women have guys in their life or guys that try to get with them that could really love them and treat them real good. Those are usually the guys that get forced into that friend zone or rejected upfront. See those guys could give them what they need, but not what they want. “Wants” can be anything from a woman wanting a man to have certain materialistic things, or she could want him to look a certain way, those are a few examples of the things that some of them want, but they vary depending on the female. What some females don't understand is that none of the things that they want has anything with love or how that person will treat you. You could find a man that looks perfect, has a house and car, he can be a college graduate with a good job, and you could still end up being with a person that doesn't truly love you, and will treat you like shit. What I am trying to say is that the person who could treat you good and really love you could already be in your life, but you could have been blinded by the things you want in a man so you overlooked the person that you were really looking for. And by the way there are men that do the same thing; I just wanted to be clear on that.”

“Tidak ada niat baik yang boleh dicapai dengan cara buruk, dan sebaliknya tidak ada niat buruk yang berubah baik meski dilakukan dengan cara-cara baik.”


“People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones.”

“Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.”


“I know a girl from whose body sunbeams rose to the clouds as if they’d fallen from the sun.
Her laugh was like a bangle of bells.
“Your hair is wet,” I told her one day, “Did you take a bath?”
“It is dew!” she laughed, “I’ve been lying in the grass. All morning long, I lay here waiting for the dawn.”

“Every great movement of God can be traced to a kneeling figure.”

“Kindness can transform someone's dark moment with a blaze of light. You'll never know how much your caring matters. Make a difference for another today.”

“When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”

“Segala luka & kecewa tampaknya kan malu & meniada: ketika kita insyafi bahwa Allah Yang Maha Mengatur tak pernah keliru, tak pernah aniaya”

“The Fact That You Have The Ability To Stand On Stage And Sing While You’re Crying Is So Brave.”

“Hidup tanpa harapan adalah hidup yang kosong”


“Non-fiction can distort; facts can be realigned. But fiction never lies.”


“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”

“By choosing recovery and risking to be real, we set the healthy boundaries that say, "I am in charge of my recovery and my life, and no one else on this Earth is.”


“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”

“Ada banyak hal tampak yang bisa kita tertawakan. Tapi sungguh lebih berbilang hal tak kasat yang selayaknya kita tangisi.”

“we attract what is happening in our lives”


“One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”


“Ye'll never best your fears until ye face them”


“It's not very easy to grow up into a woman. We are always taught, almost bombarded, with ideals of what we should be at every age in our lives: "This is what you should wear at age twenty", "That is what you must act like at age twenty-five", "This is what you should be doing when you are seventeen." But amidst all the many voices that bark all these orders and set all of these ideals for girls today, there lacks the voice of assurance. There is no comfort and assurance. I want to be able to say, that there are four things admirable for a woman to be, at any age! Whether you are four or forty-four or nineteen! It's always wonderful to be elegant, it's always fashionable to have grace, it's always glamorous to be brave, and it's always important to own a delectable perfume! Yes, wearing a beautiful fragrance is in style at any age!”

“How could you love us being together?" he asked me "We are nothing alike and we are not meant for each other and we drive each other crazy, you love that? How can you love that?" So I told him "I know that we're not meant for each other, that we drive each other crazy, and that we are so different. But that's us. That's what we have; a wild nonsense. We are not good together, but together we are bad for each other. I love us together this way just like this. Because even if it's no good, it's what we have! It's us.”

“Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!”

“Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!”

“You can take my life, but you'll never break me.
So bring me your worst...
And I will definitely give you mine.”



“A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king.”


“His life was gentle; and the elements
So mixed in him, that Nature might stand up
And say to all the world, THIS WAS A MAN!”


“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”

“It is beautiful to discover our wings and learn how to fly; flight is a beautiful process. But then to rest on the wings of God as He flies: this is divine.”

“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”


“The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.”

“Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.”

“I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!”

“Hard work is only a prison sentence when you lack motivation”


“When I touched her body,
I believed she was God.
In the curves of her form
I found the birth of Man,
the creation of the world,
and the origin of all life.”

“I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.”

“Există o limită a rezistenţei în fiecare. Când e atinsă, nu mai ai poftă să te justifici.”


“Never lose hope, and if you can, find the courage to love again.”


“If you are not vegan, please consider going vegan. It’s a matter of nonviolence. Being vegan is your statement that you reject violence to other sentient beings, to yourself, and to the environment, on which all sentient beings depend.”

“Bagiku ada sesuatu yang paling berharga dan hakiki dalam kehidupan: 'dapat mencintai, dapat iba hati, dapat merasai kedukaan'. Tanpa itu semua maka kita tidak lebih dari benda. Berbahagialah orang yang masih mempunyai rasa cinta, yang belum sampai kehilangan benda yang paling bernilai itu. Kalau kita telah kehilangan itu maka absurdlah hidup kita.”


“Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.”

“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”

“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”

“What if it becomes less about how we look and more about how much we care? What if it becomes less about how much money we earn and more about how much we share our good fortune? Imagine a world where who we are in our hearts is the ultimate status symbol.”

“Sometimes I wore smiles but didn’t feel them. Sometimes I felt them and didn’t wear them. I didn’t want her to know how much I craved this. I bit my bottom lip.”


“He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.”

“To find what you seek in the road of life,
the best proverb of all is that which says:
"Leave no stone unturned.”

“Tidak semua yang kita inginkan harus terjadi seketika. Kita tidak hidup di dunia dongeng.”


“I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?”

“Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai”


“It's definitely difficult being a woman and growing up a girl. When you're graceful, people say you lack personality; when you're serene, people say you're boring; when you're confident, people say you're arrogant; when you're feminine, people say you're too girly; and when you climb trees, people say you're too much of a tomboy! As a woman, you really need to develop a very strong sense of self and the earlier you can do that, the better! You have to be all the things that you are, without allowing other people's ignorance change you! I realized that they don't know what grace is, they can't identify serenity, they have inferiority complexes, they are incapable of being feminine, and they don't know how to climb trees!”

“The majority of people have successfully alienated themselves from change; they tediously arrange their lives into a familiar pattern, they give themselves to normalcy, they are proud if they are able to follow in auspicious footsteps set before them, they take pride in always coloring inside the lines and they feel secure if they belong to a batch of others who are like them. Now, if familiar patterns bore you, if normalcy passes before you unnoticed, if you want to create your own footsteps in the earth and leave your own handprints on the skies, if you are the one who doesn't mind the lines in the coloring book as much as others do, and perchance you do not cling to a flock for you to identify with, then you must be ready for adversity. If you are something extraordinary, you are going to always shock others and while they go about existing in their mundaneness which they call success, you're going to be flying around crazy in their skies and that scares them. People are afraid of change, afraid of being different, afraid of doing things and thinking things that aren't a part of their checkerboard game of a life. They only know the pieces and the moves in their games, and that's it. You're always going to find them in the place that you think you're going to find them in, and every time they think about you, you're going to give them a heart attack.”

“I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.”

“There is a relationship between the eye contacts we make and the perceptions that we create in our heads, a relationship between the sound of another's voice and the emotions that we feel in our hearts, a relationship between our movements in space all around us and the magnetic pulls we can create between others and ourselves. All of these things (and more) make up the magic of every ordinary day and if we are able to live in this magic, to feel and to dwell in it, we will find ourselves living with magic every day. These are the white spaces in life, the spaces in between the written lines, the cracks in which the sunlight filters into. Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.”

“IF YOU DON'T GO AFTER WHAT YOU WANT; YOU COULD SPEND YOUR ENTIRE LIFE SETTLING FOR WHAT YOU CAN GET”



“Let no feeling of discouragement prey
upon you, and in the end you
are sure to succeed.”

“It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!”

“If you can't enjoy what you have, you can't enjoy more of it.”

“To be immortal and then die”


“I’m not saying that you should deny the difficult events of your life. But the fact that you survived is also a wonderful story to tell. And that story, the story of the way you came through a difficult situation, found resources within yourself or outside of yourself, gleaned from that experience what you wanted and what you didn’t want going forward — that is a story that can inspire you and others to heal and grow.”

“Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.”

“There’s nothing you can’t do if you want it bad enough.”


“Stay focus on what God has assigned me to do. Keep my mind on what I am doing/”

“Kadang kita harus memilih bukan karena kita menginginkan pilihan tersebut,
tapi hanya karena pilihan tersebut, segalanya akan lebih baik.”


“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”

“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”

“I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.”


“Sometimes the hardest one to see . . .is the one standing right before you.”

“It dawns on you one day... how precious your life is and how not okay it is for anyone, ever, to cause you any amount of suffering, ever. Then the next time you step out the door you look at everyone and you’re thinking, “My life is precious and you’re not allowed to hurt me.”

“there's only one truth!”


“One woman filled with self love and self acceptance is a model more super than any cover girl.”

“Unconditional love is the greatest gift we can ever give.”

“Compassion isn't just about feeling the pain of others; it's about bringing them in toward yourself. If we love what God loves, then, in compassion, margins get erased. 'Be compassionate as God is compassionate,' means the dismantling of barriers that exclude.”


“Dig deep and empower yourself today. Stand in your inner strength. Be uniquely you.”

“Happiness is a choice. Peace is a state of mind. Both are free!”

“Your dreams are worth it. Persevere. Your focus is your power. Harness it.”

“The storm stops at the door. Love reigns, peace dwells.”

“Well if God wanted a broken spirit out of me, He would get His
wish. At this point in my life the only thing I could do was look up.”


“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." i love it so much”


“Bring up the past only if it will help to build the future, otherwise its best to be left to sleep”

“I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.”

“You are beautiful, but you are empty. One could not die for you. To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like you --- the rose that belongs to me. But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of you other roses: because it is she that I have watered; because it is she that I have put under the glass globe; because it is she that I have sheltered behind the screen; because it is for her that I have killed the caterpillars; because it is she that I have listened to, when she grumbled, or bloated, or even sometimes when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.”



“When something can be read without effort, great effort has gone into its writing.”

“I think that the best kind of change, is the change that comes from the inside and begins it's way out until it emerges on the outside; a change that is born underneath then continues and spreads until it has reached the surface. That's a true change. A powerful change. And I have found that while we are emerging, changing into something glorious; it is actually us becoming who we really are. A water lily is born underneath the water, inside the soil at the bottom of the river or lake. And the water lily has always been a water lily for that whole time that it was sprouting out of the wet soil, reaching up through the dark water towards the sunlight, stretching and grasping for the surface; where it then buds and blooms on the outside in the sunshine. It doesn't bud and bloom on the surface and then try to reach down below into the soil.”

“Whereever you end up;" Jack whispered into my ear."I wish you clear skies. Always”


“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”

“IF YOU CHOKE YOUR POTENTIAL BEFORE IT HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME A POSSIBILITY YOU WILL NEVER REACH YOUR DESTINY”

“The jump is so frightening between where I am and where I want to be... because of all I may become I will close my eyes and leap!”

“One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.”

“A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.”

“Do you really believe in destiny?" "How can I not believe in destiny, when there is no difference between my memories and my dreams at night? There's no difference between their reality. And if I dream something first, I remember it later when I am actually walking in the place or looking at the person I first dreamed of. Days later. Or years later. Destiny~ she walks with me.”

“It is not needful for our dreams to be very grand nor very big. It is only needful for our dreams to be very shiny.”

“There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.”

“There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.”


“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”


“I enjoy growing older and wiser and learning from my mistakes every single day.”


“I believe God spoke to you at cliffs. Her hand came to rest on the top of my head. But perhaps you weren't truly listening”


“As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list.”


“Rewards await you if you stay steadfast in your faith.”


“Celebrate true friends. They are a part of you that always sparkles.”

“A fool's mind is at the mercy of his tongue and a wise man's tongue is under the control of
his mind.”

“An empowered heart is one filled with self love.”

“Hendaknya kita mengukur ilmu bukan dari tumpukan buku yang kita habiskan. Bukan dari tumpukan naskah yang kita hasilkan. Bukan juga dari penatnya mulut dalam diskusi tak putus yang kita jalani. Tapi…dari amal (action) yang keluar dari setiap desah nafas kita”

“غــِـناك َ فى نفسـِـكَ ، و قيمَتـِك فى عمــَلـِـك ، و بواعثـُك أحرى بالعناية من غاياتك ، و لا تنتظر من الناس كثيرا ً”


“Having the life of your dreams is simple: make conscious choices.”

“Being ready is everything.”


“Plus on évolue dans sa vie, plus on se débarrasse des croyances qui
nous limitent, et plus on a de choix. Et le choix, c'est la liberté.”


“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”


“Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others.”


“It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.”

“The way of the miracle-worker is to see all human behavior as one two things: either love, or a call for love.”

“Thus is the nature of love: that you must use it! A love unused is not love! If it is something that sits on the shelf that you don't know what to do with, it is not true to the nature of love! Use love!”

“‎"What does it mean if you tried to get somewhere, and you didn't?" "Like what?" "Like if you were trying to get somewhere, but you couldn't find it?
Does that mean something bad?" "No. It doesn't mean something bad. It just means you have a second chance to do it. And two chances is always
better than just one.”

“Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell”



“Each person you meet
is an aspect of yourself,
clamoring for love.”

“If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?”

“Just pick a goal and stick to it―no big complicated secret.”


“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”

“We doubt in others, what is in fact in ourselves. The skeletons in your own closet are the things that scare you the most about others; people who come from a background of lying are suspicious of lying in others and so on and so forth. The most trusting of people, are not people who have never been betrayed or who have never felt pain; but the most trusting of people are those who in themselves do not find those things worthy of that blame. We see the world through the eyes of the condition of our own souls.”

“Taking personal accountability is a beautiful thing because it gives us complete control of our destinies.”


“I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.”

“Life is a mystery to be lived not a problem to be solved”

“Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.”


“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”

“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”

“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”

“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”


“Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.”


“Share, care, hug like a bear.”

“I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!”

“Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.”

“The knowledge of secrets is a very enticing ship, a very tempting voyage, and one thinks that the highest attainment in life is to find out hidden truths, to seek out what is truth, to know what are all lies; to uncover, to discover and to rediscover, to dig up, to expose, to reveal... But secrets can go on forever, for an eternity! For as vast as the universe is, so are the secrets therein! And one can lose, because of that thought that in the secrets, everything is to be gained! But I can see, that all the knowledge of hidden things, all the knowledge in the universe, is not nearly as valuable and as worthy as the innocence of one's soul. And we are not directed unto good things through our ability to scavenge or to hunt or to decipher or to sail! Or to fly! But we are directed unto good things, through sovereign providence! He is more worthy- the innocent soul who has a simple faith in what he believes in- than the one who has found out all the dark secrets about what the other man has put his faith in! And it is far more profitable for a man to be healthy, to have a long, long life, loved ones that are blessed with these blessings all the same, much love and happiness and safety! It is far more profitable for a man to be able to remain innocent and have love and be healthy and to be able to watch his loved ones in good health and in good love, than for a man to uncover all the secrets of the universe! A single love, a single faith, a single trust, and one hope- these are far, far better things to aspire to have! And this– this is the biggest secret!”

“Generosity is to help a deserving person without his request, and if you help him after his
request, then it is either out of self-respect or to avoid rebuke.”

“Love yourself, even a little bit each day, and your life will bloom into infinite joy.”

“I am powerful in my love for myself. The truth of my being is I love myself exactly as I am. I honor my empowered heart.”


“A child's giggle is worth one hundred pounds of gold.”

“Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up”

“Daily love and kindness are the path to a happy life.”

“Each moment, each person, is sacred and worthy of respect- especially you.”


“I never trust frank and simple people whose stories hold together.”

“Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”

“The most adventurous journey to embark on; is the journey to yourself, the most exciting thing to discover; is who you really are, the most treasured pieces that you can find; are all the pieces of you, the most special portrait you can recognize; is the portrait of your soul.”

“I feel like, God expects me to be human. I feel like, God likes me just the way I am: broken and empty and bruised. I feel like, God doesn't look at me and wish that I were something else, because He likes me just this way. I feel like, God doesn't want me to close my eyes and pray for Him to make me holy or for Him to make me pure; because He made me human. I feel like, God already knows I'm human...it is I who needs to learn that.”

“At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).”



“Humanity does not suffer from the disease of wrong beliefs but humanity suffers from the contagious nature of the lack of belief. If you have no magic with you it is not because magic does not exist but it is because you do not believe in it. Even if the sun shines brightly upon your skin every day, if you do not believe in the sunlight, the sunlight for you does not exist.”

“Some stories wait their turn to be told, others just tap you on the shoulder and insist you tell them.”

“A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.”

“Such is my relationship with God: on my gigantic canvass of life, I am the one throwing all of the brightly-colored paints, creating genuine splatters, authentic whirlpools of color, beautiful patterns, wonderful streaks and stains and wild accents; God is the one with the paintbrush who stands beside my canvass filling all the intricate and amazing details in between the whirlpools and the streaks! We're happy together!”

“It's like I am inside this ethereal sphere wherein exists no logic, no reasoning, no typicality, no explanations, no realism, no comparisons, nothing ordinary, and no normalcy. And then if you are to understand me, you have to step into my realm and leave all of those things behind. I'm not typical. I'm not ordinary. And I'm not normal. And I never will be ‎. So I don't see the point of waking up in the morning and wishing to be so.”

“When life takes away, something of greater value is always given in return.”

“Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.”

“God and Destiny are not against us, rather they are for us, they are the ones who never forget the things we have long forgotten, the ones who hear the desires of our heart that our own heads can't hear, and they are the ones who never forget who we really are, long after our minds have forgotten the images of who we are. We come from God and we belong to Destiny, yet for some reason of ignorance we think that to be the master of our own fates and the captain of our own souls means to write everything down on a paper and plan everything out on a grid! Such great things to be done, and we think they are accomplished by our primitive ways! No. We must only know what we want. And want what we want. And then fly high enough to see all that which we want that we couldn't yet see.”

“As the earth dies your spirit will bloom; as the world fades your soul will rise and glisten. Amongst the dehydrated crevices of a desert earth you will stumble upon your diamonds; in between the dry skulls and cracked bones you will find your sapphires.”

“Obey God and leave all the consequences to Him.”

“Prolong not the past
Invite not the future
Do not alter your innate wakefulness
Fear not appearances
There in nothing more than this”

“If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”

“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”


“I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.”

“Just go with it', he thought. 'You won't figure out anything if you give in to fear'.”

“Success seems to be largely a matter
of hanging on after others have let go.”

“Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.”

“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”

“Don’t believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding.”

“Repotting a plant gives it space to grow. Repotting ourselves means taking leave of our everyday environments and walking into unfamiliar territory—of the heart, of the mind and of the spirit. It isn’t easy. The older we get, the more likely we are to have remained in the same place for some time. We stay because it’s secure. We know the boundaries and, inside of them, we feel safe. Our roots cling to the walls we have long known. But remaining inside can keep us from thriving. Indeed, without new experiences or ideas, we slowly grow more and more tightly bound, eventually turning into less vibrant versions of who we might have been.
Repotting means accepting that the way is forward, not back. It means realizing that we won’t again fit into our old shells. But that’s not failure. That’s living.”


“Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.”

“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”

“So long as fortune is favouring you, your defects will remain covered.”

“Best friends are treasures. Hug them for their caring. Applaud their accomplishments. Laugh with them gratefully.”

“Be uniquely you. Stand out. Shine. Be colorful. The world needs your prismatic soul!”

“God used my year of waiting not to frustrate me, or abandon me, but to draw me into a closer relationship with Him.”


“I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.”

“Peace is not a result inside us from everything around us. Peace is not submissive nor passive. On the contrary, peace is an overwhelming force which comes from within us, disrespectful of everything around us, a firm coalition of spirit and soul standing against all the unrest that abounds.”

“My life came to a standstill. I could breathe, eat, drink and sleep, and I could not help doing these things; but there was no life, for there were no wishes the fulfilment of which I could consider reasonable. If I desired anything, I knew in advance that whether I satisfied my desire or not, nothing would come of it. Had a fairy come and offered to fulfil my desires I should not have known what to ask. If in moments of intoxication I felt something which, though not a wish, was a habit left by former wishes, in sober moments I knew this to be a delusion and that there was really nothing to wish for. I could not even wish to know the truth, for I guess of what it consisted. The truth was that life is meaningless.”

“When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.”



“Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we've touched.”


“The coward says in his heart “There is no love.” Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.”

“No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”

“One of the most beneficial and valuable gifts we can give to ourselves in this life: is allowing ourselves to be surprised! It is okay if life surprises you. Its a good thing!”

“To buy a cake... to howl at the moon... to know true happiness... I am happy.”

“To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness”

“If two people are meant for one another, that doesn't mean that they have to rush and be together right away. Real love takes time to grow, just like how it takes time to grow from children to adults.”


“You can't understand where someone's going unless you understand where they've been.”

“... a good idea always attracts other good ideas.”

“Darkness cannot survive in light, but a light can shine in the dark!”


“we are not leaving anyone behind we have to stick togheter in order to stay safe.”


“If everyone could be a successful and rich author, there would be no point in working so hard. Where is the fun in that?”

“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”


“Where are they written?"
"In the world around us. Merely be attentive to what happens in your life, and you will discover where, every moment of the day, He hides His words and His will. Seek to do as He asks: this alone is the reason you are in the world."
"If I discover it, I'll write it on clay tablets."
"Do so. But write them, above all, in your heart; there they can neither burned nor destroyed, and you will take them wherever you go.”


“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”


“I am the best person in the universe.”

“If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live”


“Extraordinary magic is woven through ordinary life. Look around!”

“Orang menyebutnya ILHAM. Tapi bisa saja itu datang dari suatu proses, setelah kita membiarkan diri mengalami yang lain”


“Write the book you want to read”

“Love is the opposite of fear and it lights the flames of a million hearts.”

“When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)”


“when you have no spirit to seize the day, find it behind the music, between the flowing leaves, beneath the sun rays, and just within yourself. Talk to yourself, be the best friend for yourself, and do not hesitate to ask God help”

“When God throws something your way, catch it!”

“A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.”

“We may have done what the devil said we did, but we are NOT who the devil says we are!”


“If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word.”

“Our key to greatness lies not in our ability to project ourselves to others as if we are putting ourselves onto a projector and creating an image of ourselves on a projector screen. Rather, our key to greatness lies in who we are which we can give to other people in a way that when they walk away from us, they are able to say in their hearts that they have taken away something with them quite extraordinary.”

“It's not the law of religion nor the principles of morality that define our highways and pathways to God; only by the Grace of God are we led and drawn, to God. It is His grace that conquers a multitude of flaws and in that grace, there is only favor. Favor is not achieved; favor is received.”

“Impian harus menyala dengan apa pun yang kita miliki,
meskipun yang kita miliki tidak sempurna, meskipun itu retak-retak”



“Its never to late to get back on your feet though we wont live forever make sure you accomplish what you were put here for”


“With my ninth mind I resurrect my first
and dance slow to the music of my soul made new.”


“Living is about capturing the essence of things. I go through my life every day with a vial, a vial wherein can be found precious essential oils of every kind! The priceless, fragrant oils that are the essence of my experiences, my thoughts. I walk inside a different realm from everybody else, in that I am existing in the essence of things; every time there is reason to smile, I hold out my glass vial and capture that drop of oil, that essence, and then I smile. And that is why I have smiled, and so you and I may be smiling at the same time but I am smiling because of that one drop of cherished, treasured oil that I have extracted. When I write, I find no need to memorize an idea, a plot, a sequence of things: no. I must only capture the essence of a feeling or a thought and once I have inhaled that aroma, I know that I have what I need.”

“A wise man first thinks and then speaks and a fool speaks first and then thinks.”

“God is colourblind. But we are not God. God does not need to see colour and difference. God is far bigger than all of that. We are human. We are destined to grow and learn from each other and with each other and there is no growing, there is no learning, there is no wonder and no majesty in life if we were like God. We were meant to see colour and difference.To deny these is to lack respect. To blind ourselves to these is to fool one another. To shun these is to deny ourselves growth and knowledge.”

“Marmee: Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary life? You’re ready to go out and – and find a good use for your talent. Tho’ I don’t know what I shall do without my Jo. Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.”

“Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.”

“I’m not going to die because I failed as someone else. I’m going to succeed as myself.”

“New Year - a new chapter, new verse, or just the same old story ? Ultimately we write it. The choice is ours.”


“You think that it’s not magic that keeps you alive? Just ‘cause you understand the mechanics of how something works, doesn’t make it any less of a miracle. Which is just another word for magic. We’re all kept alive by magic, Sookie. My magic’s just a little different from yours, that’s all.”

“Am I getting braver, or just getting accustomed to being terrified?”


“Laughter is good for both the body and the soul.”

“I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”

“Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.”


“We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.”

“Hatred is a louder exhibition of inability.”

“वसुधा का नेता कौन हुआ?
भूखंड-विजेता कौन हुआ?
अतुलित यश-क्रेता कौन हुआ?
नव-धर्म-प्रणेता कौन हुआ?
जिसने न कभी आराम किया,
विघ्नों में रहकर नाम किया”


“If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.”

“Joy is the fountain of youth.”

“Every single person is sacred. Sacred means special, precious, a treasure of true beauty. That means you.”

“You're the insane one. You don't even love the world you created. So how can you expect us to love and respect you?
An endless repetition of natural destruction and stupid, meaningless wars. Because we don't understand it, we have no way to stop it.
We may be stupid and not know what to do... But we fight to move forward towards that which we think is right. Not just sticking to the arbitrary boundaries you created.
We make lots of mistakes, and get hurt... But we keep believing in miracles. Looking for a truth we can't yet see.
We do it our own way. Because we believe our lives mean something.”


“Be real, rare, refreshing you! Fan the flames of self love and ignite your light!”

“Live joy. Be kind. Love unconditionally.”

“Dance through life flinging kindness like shimmering rainbows. Find your bliss by sharing your heart.”

“Women united can create movements. We can empower entire generations. We can build peace one action at a time. Together we rise. The time is now.”

“Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!”

“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”



“If Cinderella were given a single shining epiphany (instead of a fairy godmother), she would have realized: "This is my father's house. This is my father's estate. I am the rightful heiress to everything here!" then she would have said: "Get off of my property, take nothing with you, and never show your faces to me again! You ugly, bitter, insecure, envious witches!" And I'm sure she would have been happier, sooner!”

“It was him, it was always him, they only needed to stand there with their feet buried into the muddy moss and look at each other; to feel each other. Time stopped, movement disappeared and it was both the beginning of everything and the end of everything else. They had each other and there was no name, no title to it other than they just had each other. There was no necessity to be practical, what they had and what they were, was of their own and in their own and I think nothing in the world could have made Lucy happier than to have what they had, to be what they were.”


“Being able to write becomes a kind of shield, a way of hiding, a way of too instantly transforming pain into honey.”

“If we come from the water, I conclude that we come from different kinds of it. I will meet a person and in his eyes see an ocean, deep and never ending; then I will meet another person and feel as though I have stepped into a shallow puddle on the street, there is nothing in it. Or maybe some of us come from the water, and some of us come from somewhere else; then it's all a matter of finding those who are the same as us.”

“Where are you?" he asked. "I'm right here" she said. "I know, but it feels like one percent of you is somewhere else, where is that one percent?" he said. "I don't know....I think I'm always like that..." she answered. "I like that." "You do?" "Yes, because that way, I have to always look for the one percent to find it.”

“Love for yourself is the key to loving other. Love begins with you.”


“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”


“Many things that don't really mean so much of anything, are wonderful.”

“Long before we even lose our lives, we lose our souls. Tragic but true. Some carry on—willing to make the sacrifices, putting what is perceived as important before anything else. Some tread into the dark—wasting moments of grace, letting themselves suffer from their own decisions or the other’s domination. Some continue to love, give too much, and not leave even a little love for themselves.”


“There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't have bridges.”

“The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”

“Failure is when you give up. A real winner is someone that doesn't give up, even when it feels like they are losing.”

“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation.
Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”

“Sometimes the only reason for us to be somewhere else is to see things from a different perspective.”

“The greatest thing you will ever give to the world is your committment to leave what you find in better condition than the way you found it. Leave a single light in a place where there was once darkness so those coming behind you may see further and begin where you left.”

“Life doesn´t come with any guarantees. You have to risk it to get the biscuit." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”


“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”

“When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.”

“Chaos is another name for opportunity”

“Love is not a forest fire that burns intensely,
hotly and out of control for a brief moment until,
its expendable fuel spent,
it sputters,
seeking in vain for something else to consume,
to sustain itself before, finally,
it dies:
cold, black ash the only evidence of its passing.
Love is, instead, a campfire:
it provides ample heat and comfort
to the twosome who sit before it,
and although its flames may at times wane,
a well-tended campfire’s embers can be nurtured and fanned
until the flames once again dance brightly and cheerfully,
providing comfort to the couple
who cherish the gentle warmth it ministers.”


“Every man reaches his destination, if he just keeps walking”


“We all take a different path to the same place. Why we took the path we did will always be a mystery.”


“Here is a universal law: that when it comes to negative and positive, you will always thrive more powerfully in the positive if you have first been immersed in, and have heroically overcome, the polar opposite negative of that thing. To abide in the positive existence of something, without having known and overcome it’s polar opposite— that is to be only a frame of the real structure. Easily toppled down and taken apart. True power is in the hands of the one who thrives in the positive, after having known and conquered the negative. Because when the demons come along, she will say to those demons: “I know you, I have owned you, but now you bow down to me.”

“Kindness and caring are ambrosia for the soul.”

“Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!”

“Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you’ll make your mark.”

“When we embrace who we are the world embraces us right back.”

“Enchantment lies in everyday moments if you are observant.”

“The power of love can spread magic to the world like nothing else.”

“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”

“Let us each take up our flaming torches and mount as the blazing fireballs of light that we are and let's burn the skies and leave it with deep scars and let them be our signatures upon eternity as we go forth!”

“Someone needs to fight,someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”

“There will be haters, there will be doubters, there will be non-believers, and then there will be you proving them wrong.”

“Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.”

“Everyone who got to where they are had to begin where they were.”

“You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.”



“You can capture this body of mine, take away my freedom and enslave me.
You may even have the power to capture my soul and sentence me to the realm of eternal darkness.
But my dreams you cannot touch. They are my will―the very essence of who I am.
In them I laugh.
In them I cry.
In them I love.
And in them.....I live.
My dreams are untouchable and unceasing.”


“I see myself as a Scottish sky: there are rain clouds, rainbows and sunrays that run and overtake one another, mingle together and dance with each other! You see all of this within seconds of looking up! It’s a living sky, it breathes and it’s real! And I think that when you look at me, you’ll see my rain clouds first, because only after rainclouds can there come the rainbows. You see, if the rainbows come first, then the rainbows aren’t even real, so I think that if people deserve to see my real rainbows, then they will just know that they need to stick around through the rain! Like a Scottish sky, I want to be real and breathing and running. I don’t want to be a clear blue all the time, or a dark grey all the time or have fake rainbows painted onto me; I want to be Scottish.”

“Pray for "all men." We usually pray more for things than we do for men. Our prayers should be thrown across their pathway as they rush in their downward course to a lost eternity.”

“People do not meet by chance––they navigate their lives to certain people for certain reasons.”


“The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.”

“When you trust your inner guidance and begin moving in the direction of your dreams (aligned with your individual gifts) you will be cloaked in an armor bestowed upon you by your guardian angel.”

“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”

“YOU are your own guru. YOU are your own soul mate. YOU are powerful. Take the reigns and drive your carriage home to love.”

“It takes drive and focus to move from potential to reality.”


“You are limitless! Accept this truth and soar to infinity.”

“A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.”

“Sometimes being happy takes effort. Invest time and energy in yourself and your happiness.”

“A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions.  A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts.  A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.”


“I don't so much mind looking back on having lost the election, or having been denied a role in the play, or having had my novel repeatedly rejected, or having been turned down for a date, or recalling laughter at my expense when I attempted some silly challenge.  Those things simply prove that I lived life.  What I do mind, however, is looking back on the lost opportunities where imagined concerns kept me from even trying—lose or win.  I've learned that there is no regret in a brave attempt, only in cowering to fear.”


“The secret ingredients to true happiness? Decisive optimism and personal responsibility.”

“Soul mate romance dissolves the superficial and touches your deepest heart with the delightful power of love.”

“YOU are the magic code that unlocks your happiness.”


“A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.”

“Caring is what matters, not stuff or status, just people sharing kindness & joy in a web of the heart that spans the globe.”

“Swirl into joy today by sharing your caring with the world. Be a pillar of positivity.”

“Choosing kindness is the ultimate expression of evolved consciousness. Grow by being kind.”

“Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.”

“Choose love and joy as much as you can in each moment and watch your life transform.”

“No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.”

“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”



“H is for Habit, winners make a habit of doing the things losers don't want to do.”


“Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!”

“We must not be defined by what we do, but we must be what and who we are, then only happen to do what we do!”

“I can't over-emphasize how important an exquisite perfume is, to be wrapped and cradled in an enchanting scent upon your skin is a magic all on its own! The notes in that precious liquid will remind you that you love yourself and will tell other people that they ought to love you because you know that you're worth it. The love affair created by a good perfume between you and other people, you and nature, you and yourself, you and your memories and anticipations and hopes and dreams; it is all too beautiful a thing!”

“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”

“You need to trust
To surrender
To ask for guidance
Go within for the answers
They're within you
You have the answers
All you need do is ask”


“Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when..." and you can't say "I will be peaceful when..." Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”

“Facts? What are facts? I only know imagination!”

“As I look back on my own life, I recognize this simple truth: The greatest opportunities were the scariest lions. Part of me has wanted to play it safe, but I’ve learned that taking no risks is the greatest risk of all.”


“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”

“So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else" (20).”


“There's a lot of talk these days about giving children self-esteem. It's not something you can give; it's something they have to build.”


“The truth is .. I'm okay with people not liking me. I'm not okay with them pretending that they do. Keep it real. Everybody ain't for everybody.”


“Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.”

“The conception of each star was at the point of no return; of a desperate soul struggling to master the winds!”

“We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.”

“Dicen que con llorar nada se arregla pero eso no es verdad. Llorar es hacer algo aunque ese algo no sirva más que para quitarnos la sensacion insoportable de no hacer nada.”


“There are gigantic trees that have grown tall into the winds and the clouds over the thousands of years of their lives, their tops are rustled and tossed by the mists of the atmosphere! Then there are the short trees that don't live for long, they are young with no deep roots and only a few annual rings to tell their stories.The tall, ancient trees sway in the realm of freedom while the short young trees cannot even raise their branches into that direction of the sky! Now, you are the bird who needs a tree to live in; if you choose to live in the tree which thrives in the realm of freedom, that doesn't mean you are not committed to that tree. You are still committed to your tree, but together you and your tree live in freedom. Freedom is not the absence of commitment. If you are the bird who chooses to fly around amongst the short trees and live in them, that's because your wings are too short to make it any higher and your vision too near to see any further into the clouds. And if you move from one short tree to the next short tree, that doesn't mean you are free, you are still down there below, freedom is still nowhere near you.”

“They don't have to know the real you for you to keep being that amazing you! Don't let someone's negative spirit disrupt or corrupt yours. Be you for...you. God is the one that you want to see who you really are.”


“Always have something to look forward to”

“L'esercizio rende perfetti, ma nessuno è perfetto, quindi perché esercitarsi?”

“Each day is a gift
To embrace and welcome”


“I would rather live in a world where people shout, "This is wrong." than live in a world with superheroes saving the day.”

“No one of real intelligence will accept anything just because some authority declares it be so. Don't accept the truth of anything you have not confirmed for yourself.”

“Persistance is the quality of winners. Successful people never never give up”

“No se debe oponer resistencia a la corriente: hay que ir hacia arriba cuando hay que ir hacia arriba, y hacia abajo cuando hay que ir hacia abajo. Cuando debas ir hacia arriba, busca la torre más alta y sube hasta la cúspide. Cuando debas ir hacia abajo, busca el pozo más profundo y desciende hasta el fondo. Cuando no haya corriente, quédate inmóvil. Si te opones a la corriente todo se seca, el mundo se ve envuelto por las tinieblas. "Yo soy yo, él es yo, atardecer de otoño" Cuando renuncias a mi, yo existo.”


“No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.”


“لم اتصور انه عندما تفقد من تحب تصبح جسدا حي وروحا ميته ...الحب يحيي الروح كما يحي الغيث الارض”

“Quella vita ch'è una cosa bella, non è la vita che si conosce, ma quella che non si conosce; non la vita passata, ma la futura. Coll'anno nuovo, il caso incomincerà a trattar bene voi e me e tutti gli altri, e si principierà la vita felice. Non è vero?”



“It takes writing a billion bad words before you get to the good ones.”

“Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.”


“I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.”

“I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.”

“Opportunities? They are all around us ... There is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it.”

“I believe in miracles.... I have to.”

“There is no power like that of prevailing prayer - of Abraham pleading for Sodom, Jacob wrestling in the stillness of the night, Moses standing in the breach, Hannah intoxicated with sorrow, David heartbroken with remorse and grief, Jesus in sweat and blood. Add to this list from the records of the church your personal observation and experience, and always there is cost of passion unto blood. Such prayer prevails. It turns ordinary mortals into men of power. It brings power. It brings fire. It brings rain. It brings life. It brings God.”

“Doa yang lemah,
bisa diperbaiki dengan doa yang lebih kuat.
Doa yang buruk,
bisa diganti dengan doa yang baik.
Lalu engkau bertanya,
mengapakah doa-doa terbaik yang kau naikkan
belum juga terjawab?
Pertama,
ikhlaskanlah pengertianmu agar lebih mudah
bagimu untuk bersyukur.
Kedua,
ketahuilah bahwa doa yang sudah sangat baik,
hanya bisa diperbaiki dengan meningkatkan akhlaq
dari pribadi yang berdoa.”

“Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God.”

“Aku datang menghadap Mu, Tuhanku
tuk menyerah dan mohon penyelamatan
Aku mohon Kau maafkan salah dan dosa masa laluku
yang setia mengejar tuk menggigitku dari belakang
Penyesalan ini membadai di hatiku
dan melemahkan niat hidupku
Kini aku jiwa yang lebih baik
yang lebih patuh kepada Mu
Jangan Kau biarkan aku lama bersedih
Aku sangat menghamba kepada Mu
Tuhan, sayangilah aku”

“I like to set my dreams high. That way, even if I only make it half way there, it's still pretty darned good.”

“Once you discover that you can, you must.”

“Judging is the cause that creates the effect of choosing.”

“Go past the insecurity. Go past the little voice that says doing that thing will hurt you. Instead let the pain flow through you, and just hold on. At that very point, you will find yourself invincible.”

“Life provides chances to open your heart all the time.”


“Your children are not your children.
They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.
They come through you but not from you,
And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you.
You may give them your love but not your thoughts,
For they have their own thoughts.
You may house their bodies but not their souls,
For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow,
Which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.”

“A child is a Soul, a Unit Consciousness materialized on Earth to learn, fulfill its purpose contributing within the Matrix of Gaia. Our parents fought for ‘Expression of Thoughts’, ‘Equality’, we now have a task to fight for the Supremacy of Love over Control within all Areas of Life.‘
Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids development soul”


“Forever friends are a treasure chest of understanding and compassion. Cherish them.”

“Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.”

“Your healthy love for yourself is sexy!”


“Laughter is the divine effervescing.”

“A child has a deep longing to discover that the World is based on Truth. Respect that longing. In our attempt to help children grow into Inspired Adults, we wish them to carry the Youthfulness of their Souls, and the Wonders of Childhood into their old age.'
Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids and world based on truth”


“Commitment mixed with drive and sprinkled with imagination creates sustained results. Stay focused and you will make your mark!”

“Your heart is a powerful force. Use it consciously.”

“Set goals that make your heart sing. Then achieving them is an experience of uplifting joy.”

“No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.”


“Inspiration is sometimes as simple as a shared smile.”

“Spread kindness, caring, and compassion and create your own paradise. Infuse it with joy and you’ve created heaven on earth.”

“Being present to yourself in love and with kindness is the ultimate gift.”

“A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.”

“I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this.
[
Cormac McCarthy's Venomous Fiction
, New York Times, April 19, 1992]”

“...and remember my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.”



“Maybe we shouldn't begin to stop believing in God when He starts to let go of our hand; because at that moment He begins to let go of your hand, that's the moment He's begun to believe in YOU! He says, "I believe in you, I know you can." And that's not the time to stop believing in someone, when He is believing in you. A good father knows when to let go and start believing that you can. We may not understand it at first, but after we look at ourselves and say "Wow, I'm awesome, I did that all by myself." Then we say "Thanks, dad. If you never let go of me, I would have never learned how to fly.”

“God would light the way. Faith would keep them on the right path.”

“Nothing lasts forever. But the thing is, you can reuse some. Use your mind. - Leo's Mother, The Lost Hero”

“When the flames of life are gnawing away at your butt, run faster, quicker, and harder than you've ever run before, because I guarantee it that life will condition you, harder than any trainer ever will.
When you state to yourself with the utter most believe, “I will achieve this,” than you are on the path, and this is when life throws obstacles left, right, straight on and which other way, but keep going. Because you will make it”

“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.
By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”

“I want to dream a dream so wonderful that I'll wake up sorry that it wasn't a memory.”

“My story was not the story of a girl's broken dreams: it was the story of a girl who couldn't be broken.”


“Never mourn the loss of innocence, because it always brings the much greater gain of wisdom.”

“Realize this – your anger with God does not drive a wedge between you and Him. It is your silence that drives the wedge. - Prodigal Life”

“The first step to success it's to imagine it”


“Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.”


“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”

“Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass...
It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
- Vivian Greene”

“The good is the Enemy of the best. Until you depart from the good, you cannot enter God's best for your life.”


“Doing what is right to GOD gives you peace not regret”

“Fairies with gossamer wings,
Bring forth beauty, grace and joyful things.
Fairies of the earth are caretakers of our soil, water and trees,
They watch over beautiful creatures such as bears, bunnies and bees.
Fairies ask that you breathe in and appreciate the vantage point from which you stand,
Then trod carefully and respectfully with each intentional step you make across this beautiful land.”

“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”

“Thought I wanted overnight success, until I achieved it through hard work and the refusal to back down! What you earn, you keep.”

“Success always hugs you in private,
but failure slaps you in the public...”

“Fallon affected my body in weird ways. But only because she’s different, I told myself.”


“An item is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it”

“This is heaven my child.”

“Even though your life is Rainy and
muggy you can fight through it just
Make sure you know what is happening
And make sure you don't take to much
pressure on it just shake it off!”

“Never put off for tomorrow what is meant for today...tomorrow may never come.”


“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”

“You always supposed to have that i'm number 1 mentality,don't let anyone make you feel like you is number 2 when they not even worth being number 1 !!!”

“You don't need to understand what the world is, just let your life flow with it and become something”

“Some people live in cages with bars built from their own fears and doubts. Some people live in cages with bars built from other people's fears and doubts; their parents, their friends, their brothers and sisters, their families. Some people live in cages with bars built from the choices others made for them, the circumstances other people imposed upon them. And some people break free.”

“I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.”

“Do not limit yourself to your own preconceptions of yourself, but throw yourself out onto a blank page that you haven't written on yet, and see what you find out about you, see what story unfolds, see what happens! I always do this, and sometimes it can be very frightening! To very often have a blank page with nothing written on it yet! I feel as though I am a soul with a single covering–my body of skin– and that's the only thing between me on the inside and the rest of the world! It's quite frightening to begin each day on a blank page, forgetting your own preconceptions of yourself and allowing your mind to embrace the new! It is like meeting yourself for the first time, over and over again!”

“Freedom is not the absence of commitment, and to be committed to something or to someone does not mean the loss of freedom. But freedom exists in the realm of the unbound and to be free is to be committed to that which is a part of the unbound realm. Whatever sets your soul to flight is freedom. If someone sets your soul to flight, to stay with that person is not to lose freedom but to stay with that person is to retain freedom. Together you have what is unbound. Whatever will swell your spirit and give you wings, is freedom, and it is a fault if you let go of that for the very reason that you are afraid of losing your freedom and in doing so you have in fact let go of what will keep you unbound.”

“The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.”

“I’m barely human. I’m more like a creature; to me, everything gives off a scent! Thoughts, moments, feelings, movements, words left unsaid, words barely spoken; they all have a distinct sense, distinct fragrances! Both a smell and a touch! To inhale is to capture, to experience! I can perceive and I can “touch” in so many odd ways! And so I am made up of all these scents, all these feelings! An illumination of nerve endings!”

“I had always felt life first as a story: and if there is a story there is a story-teller”

“Freedom is a place, an area. It's a higher place. There are some other people that are here, and things that are here which are unseen. But you first have to set yourself free and believe in what you cannot see, believe that there is something more out there. In freedom can be found many devotions: a devotion to love, a desire to believe, a willingness to be happy, a perseverance to have peace. All these unseen things breathe and grow in the unseen soul. A free person is not an uncommitted person, but in a free person you will find a deep devotion, and a desire to be devoted to even more.”

“Just do it! First you make your habits, then your habits make you!”



“It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.”

“...No– but ours is a journey into ourselves, a walk with God every day! Ours is a book that we write, a smile, a love, a tear, a lust, an awakening, a learning, a joy, a laughter, a memory, a dream, a vision, a love, a love, a love and a love. Our life is now. And Heaven is always there, but this life isn't always there, but this life isn't always here. Heaven is always there for us but this life is a gift to us!”

“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”

“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it...”

“Anak muda adalah kegelisahan derap langkahnya adalah perubahan.”


“Life is not about perfection. It's about persistence.”

“I do not regret one moment of my life.”

“I think that there are those who write of life being a skip on the sidewalk, a chocolate bar, a bowl of cherries... the problem with that is it ends up disappointing people. Because life is more like being on the tube in London; you never really know what could happen! But then there are those people who bring a box of chocolates to eat on the tube...so life, it isn't a skip on the sidewalk, but it is a matter of strength: "Can I bring my bowl of cherries to feast on while I stand here in the gutter?" that's the essence of life. Can you still put on your rose-colored glasses while your eyes are filled with tears, and see everything in rosy colors? That's the strength that fuels a true life. Can you think to bring your little box of chocolates with you while you sit on the tube running under the streets of London? Because you should. Because even if you don't know anybody, and you don't know what's gonna happen next, you should have your box of chocolates with you. You should eat your bowl of cherries. And that is what life is.”

“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”

“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests
in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.
At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”

“True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery”

“Emerge; don’t cower.
Endure; don’t run.
Nurture; don’t abandon”

“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”

“Do what you love or die a slow death doing what you hate”

“إن طلب العدل مرض,و لكنه المرض الوحيد الذى لا يصيب الحيوانات,كل ما فى الأمر أننا انا و أنت شفينا من هذا المرض فأصبحنا نرى أعراضه على الاّخرين.”


“Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.”


“The concept of 'home' is not just where one resides, but where the heart resides; in the purest depths of the soul.♥”

“If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that... there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.”

“Success for you is a RECIPE that ONLY YOU KNOW the ingredients for.So to you I say ,COOK UP the success that ONLY YOU know how to make and allow the world to see YOUR CREATION!”


“Locating friendship at the heart of mission involves certain assumptions -- that reconciliation with God is something for which every human being is made and relationships are reciprocal.”


“I don’t want to freeze my eggs. I don’t want to visit a sperm bank. I don’t want to be a single parent, if I have any choice in the matter. I want a nuclear family. I want to put down roots, to let my seeds germinate, to watch them bloom and flourish. Not one day, if and when I ever fall in love again, but now. While I still have my youth, damn it.”


“What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.”



“It's not whether your glass is empty or full, it's what you do with it that really matters.”

“I am convinced that one should tell one's spiritual director if one has a great desire for Communion, for Our Lord does not come from Heaven every day to stay in a golden ciborium; He comes to find another heaven, the heaven of our soul in which He loves to dwell.”


“Somewhere, deep within me, beyond the passion, beyond the beauty of the night, that little spark of Daily magic ignited in me again, began burning in a place that had gone dark and untended, that had yearned to be bright and warm. I felt it now, something old, something new, something complete. Perhaps it had been in there in me all along, the belief that there is a plan and a purpose, that God whispers into every life, some things that are beyond the scope of the mind, and can only be felt with the heart and the spirit.
Those dreams, the dreams that are dreamed *for* us, not by us, are the truest of all.”


“You know, we can quote the written Word all day to our friends, but nothing will touch them like our own hunger and love for the Word himself. It is not dutiful love that attracts but love freely lavished from a heart familiar with the gardens of heaven.”


“Tuhanku Yang Maha Lembut,
...
Maafkanlah aku yang sering kesal
dan memarahi diriku sendiri
yang tak kunjung selesai
membuat kesalahan.
Aku tahu,
sulit bagiku untuk berlaku
sepenuhnya damai,
jika hatiku masih menyembunyikan
sedikit keburukan.
Tuhan,
tenagailah ketegasanku untuk kembali
ke kesucian jiwaku,
agar aku mematang dengan anggun.
Aamiin”

“All things are possible if you believe...”

“A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.”

“Tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.”

“Be in the World, Not of the World—Kind of like Lucky Charms cereal: there are lots of pretty marshmallows in with the cereal, but they’re not the same. So live with the cereal, but remember: you’re a pretty marshmallow.”


“Write because you love to write.”

“If a nation has not God that nation must fall, but if a nation has God then all the powers of evil, and all the armies, cannot shake its foundations; no, not even if the whole world is arrayed against it.”


“I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure. I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life any time he is ready and prepared to do it. Whenever he develops the desire he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.”

“If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.”

“My purpose is: What Lord? Where Lord? When Lord? Yes Lord!”

“waktu kita di bumi ini sakral adanya, dan kita seharusnya merayakan setiap detiknya”


“Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.”


“The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.”


“Simbol, huruf dan angka adalah alat, sedangkan gagasan adalah roh sebuah tulisan.”

“No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!”

“Nurturing a feeling makes it proliferate. Choose wisely. Joy, kindness, love, & caring will illuminate your life.”

“Love drips like honey from the hive, constant, sweet, precious, into your heart each and every moment if you let it.”

“Bringing joy to another lights a thousand suns within.”

“As architect of your reality, you are empowered to create it as you choose.”


“We can accept and embrace our pasts as part of the path that shaped who we are now.”


“Happiness is a collection of joyful experiences shared with soul friends. Get together and have some fun!”

“Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!”

“Giving thanks fills you with light and joy so you can shine like the bright star you truly are.”

“An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.”


“Transcendent, magical romance happens when you’re one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.”

“I once had a love
who folded secrets between her thighs like napkins
and concealed memories in the valley of her breasts.
There was no match for the freckles on her chest,
and no one could mistake them for a field of honeysuckles.
Upon her lips, a thousand lies were spread in sweet gloss.
Her kiss was like a storybook from ancient history.
She was at home with the body of a man inside her, beside her.
At night, when she lay in bed crying,
no one could mistake the tears she wept for a summer shower
She is gone, my love. She was a wanderess, a wildflower.”

“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”

“New day, new hopes, new life!!”

“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”

“If a man has not discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live”

“You must embrace change before change erases you.”

“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”

“Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.”



“You opinions about me does not change who I am.”


“Stop thinking of yourself as a victim. You were a target that is now no longer being hit.”

“God’s joy can fill our days with gladness until we receive the answer we are waiting for.”


“It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.”

“At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it’s just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers”


“… e mult mai nobil sa ramai lucid oricat te-ar coplesi viata, esti totdeauna mai putin om cand te imbeti, indiferent cum, si daca fuga de realitate nu-i chiar o decadere, ramane totusi o infrangere.”


“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”

“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.”

“A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.”

“You don't have the right to complain about your life if you're not willing to change it”


“The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.”

“A persons limitations are only measured by their drive to succeed”

“life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.”

“True love begins when you accept yourself in your totality. Then, and only then, can you completely love another.”

“Connecting our hearts through love yields a nectar so sweet we are forever full.”

“Love yourself deeply and be satisfied with the amazing life you create.”


“Self-acceptance is pure power.”


“The task of modern man is not to find his inner self, but to create himself.”


“The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.”

“Because I lay with him… I’ve caught a glimpse of heaven. Or I understand what I need. Or I have the courage to be myself.”


“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”

“Heart-flow means listening to your intuition and hunches and following your heart. How can you let your heart lead today?”

“As for methods of prayer, all are good, as long as they are sincere.”



“If you're feeling helpless, help someone. ”
― Aung San Suu Kyi (from Freedom from Fear)”


“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”

“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”

“Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.”

“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”

“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”

“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that.
We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”

“Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.”


“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”

“Don't judge your success by what people think of you. You are your own success.Your determination and perserverence is what matters.”


“We all have something redeemable in us, no matter how small." - Laura Armstrong, A Human Element”


“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”

“Dream big and never give up on those dreams. Who knows where they'll take you?”

“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.
We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.
We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”

“I am the only force strong enough to stop me.”

“Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.”


“Take the first step. No more, no less, and the next will be revealed.”

“Change is possible if you allow it to happen. Nothing in life is constant; it's always evolving and that's how life happens for me. Through my adversities I can reach new heights.”


“Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right."
"If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.”


“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.”

“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”

“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible.
I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”

“Try it before you doubt it, because it might just be for you”

“Live your life as a curious student and you will discover how fascinating it is.”

“Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.”

“Living a Princely life requires that you learn to think and reason like the Prince, talk and behave like him, react like him as well.”

“ Length of a straight line is determined by the two tiny dots on both ends ”

“Fear is a probability by its own cause of actions, if we live by it we lose all the possibilities of endurance”

“I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.”


“fight for what you believe in,
for if you don't you will be forever fighting against yourself.”

“I've learned that the universe doesn't care what our motives are, only our actions. So we should do things that will bring about good, even if there is an element of selfishness involved. Like the kids at my school might join the Key Club or Future Buisness Leaders of America, because it's a social thing and looks good on their record, not because they really want to volunteer at the nursing home. But the people at the nursing home still benefit from it, so it's better that the kids do it than not do it. And if they never did it, then they wouldn't find out that they actually liked it.”



“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”

“Those that yield are not always weak”

“But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.”


“I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power, that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted, and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity, but I find that thy will knows no end in me, and when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart, and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders.”

“There is a higher form of hierarchy and that is the hierarchy of the spirit. When I stand in front of a person, I stand in front of a soul and I have met magnificent souls in bodies possessing no money, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies bathed in riches. In the same light, I have met magnificent souls in bodies bathed in wealth, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies that are impoverished. I am tired of people busying their minds with hierarchy based upon money, because this form of hierarchy is primitive; meanwhile there is an altogether higher form of hierarchy that is of the soul. As you judge man and woman based upon their riches, I laugh at your primitive form of judgment! When I stand in front of a human, I stand in front of a soul.”

“My friends, don't idolize hardship. What you idolize is what your heart will look for and what your heart looks for is what you will have. And don't capitalize on misfortune, because you will always seek out to have capital! Throw away that pride! Don't put sorrow on a pedestal! If you ask me if I would rather have had my sorrows or not, I will tell you that no, I would rather have not had any of them! In the blink of an eye, I would rid myself of them! I have no pride. I don't rely on hardships and sorrows to mold me into someone. I don't allow myself to be dictated. When hardship and sorrow come knocking, saying "We are responsible for who you are today, let us in!" I'm going to say, in a split second, "No you're not! Go away, I don't owe you anything!”

“There are blue diamonds born to the world and given to those who only want glass crystals. There are blue roses born to the world yet given to those who only want daisies. Blue diamond, don't cry because they want glass crystals. Blue rose, don't bleed because they see only the daisies. You were formed in the bedroom of the gods, you were conceived in the garden of the eternal!”

“Maybe God doesn't care if we get all dressed up and sit in the pew every Sunday, as Diana believes. Instead, maybe God comes to us through men like Sloth, watching over us as we make our own decisions. Maybe God has always been with me. Opening doors, leading me to opportunities, letting me choose my own path, and loving me even when I chose the wrong one. Never giving up on me. Knowing all along that I am on a journey. That I must find my own way to Him. Maybe River was rights. Maybe God does still believe in me.”


“I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.”


“Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?”


“For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do—reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear—challenge everything she thought she believed.
Highlighted by 24 Kindle users”

“Anybody can make the simple complecated. Creativity is making the complecated simple.”


“If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.”

“Le souvenir n'est qu'un regard posé de temps en temps sur des êtres devenus intérieurs,mais qui ne dépendent pas de la mémoire pour continuer d'exister.”


“...You mistake other people’s success as your own failure...”


“You can't test courage cautiously.” (Annie Dillard)”


“If you are willing to go out on a limb, the tree of life holds endless possibilities.”

“...Make God's Word your Sourcebook...”


“Friends who love us know that motherhood is about transitioning--and adjusting, constantly, to those changes. We must become masters of change because that is what life demands of us.”


“make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton”

“The day of perfection is not scheduled on earth.”

“To prepare for the mountains develop mind, body, will and spirit as strong as a sword, soft as a pillow and fluid as water.”

“Don't tawch meh matherfawker!”

“A drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring.”

“word is like a sword; you should be wise when to use it or it'll kill and ruin everything you did in your past, you're doing at this time, and you're gonna do in the future”

“TanganNya tidak pernah terlalu pendek untuk menjangkau kita...kupingNya tidak pernah terlalu bising sehingga tidak bisa mendengar seruan kita...& mataNya tidak pernah berada terlalu jauh sehingga tidak bisa memperhatikan kita...
Tapi,seringkali hati kita yg terlalu kecil untuk menyadari keberadaanNya...& pikiran kita yg terlalu sempit untuk mengakui kekuasaanNya atas semua masalah kita...
*nite all..yesaya 55:8”

“Pikiran mengendalikan hati manusia”

“Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.”

“To live without philosophizing is in truth the same as keeping the eyes closed without attempting to open them.”

“Librarians are tour-guides for all of knowledge.”

“a hero is just somebody who does the right thing when it would be far, far easier to do nothing.”
-Cedric Diggory-”



“Time changes all things; there is no reason why language should escape this universal law”


“I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.”


“Transient guests are we.”

“In a few more days I'd anticipated telling Veronika that our injections had cured her heart condition. But in light of her unscheduled departure form Villette my telling that particular lie will not be required. The majority of people who attempt suicide repeat that attempt until they succeed. I took a risk in lying to her about her condition, i decided to test the only remedy i have come to have any faith in: awareness of life. Until she finds out from some other doctor that she is perfectly healthy. She'll consider each day a miracle. Which in my view it is.”


“S is for SCARY! Fear is driven out by action! Bad habits are overcome by good habits.”


“It is the road you take that decides your destiny and not your destiny that decides the road you take.”


“Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.”


“When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.”


“More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.”

“Feed your self-esteem; not your ego!”

“love yourself,.,.,.,for the sake of
your better future”


“uhanku Yang Maha Penyayang,
Engkau memerintahkan
agar aku memuliakan orang tua
dan keluargaku,
...dan agar aku memungkinkan
pencapaian impian hati mereka.
Aku tahu bahwa aku tak mungkin
menyembunyikan dari pengetahuan Mu,
tentang kerinduan hatiku
untuk mampu melakukan
yang Kau perintahkan itu.
Tuhan,
aku mohon Engkau membuka tabir
yang selama ini menutupi rezekiku.
Mampukanlah aku membahagiakan keluargaku.
Aamiin”

“Genius is the power of lighting one's own fire!”

“...the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.”


“During the crash and burn, I began to burn from cranial crown to flat sole, for meaning and understanding. Every concept, psychological perceptions with hardened pathways, everything that registered as inherited from the communal was starting to dissolve into meaninglessness. The foundational tenets, the pre-established belief systems, instilled sustenance systems tended by both family and extended communal began to dissolve, first as trivial, and then as untenable to my being without validation from me. If my life was worth anything, I choose to live the best life for me.
So I entered what I call The Blank State.”


“Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.”

“Z is for Zany! Master the Zany habit of thinking backwards. it will help you become a really great thinker!”


“It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.”

“I pray, before I die, that I receive the power to believe in fairytales again, Oh' how I would love to laugh and know that God laughed with me.”

“Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.”


“Elles étaient en touffes avec des racines d'or, épanouies, enfoncées dans les ténèbres et qui soulevaient des mottes luisantes de nuit.
(à propos des étoiles)”

“jika seluruh hidupmu kau lesakkan dalam satu benda, terpikir olehmu benda apakah itu?”

“The importance of knowing for certain that you have been saved cannot be understated. We do not know how many days, hours, or minutes God has granted us here to have an opportunity to make a choice.”


“There is no rest in the heart of God until He knows that you are at resh in His grace.”


“SHINE JESUS - I have found, the more we point others to Jesus... the more His radiance shines through us. "Those who are wise will shine like the brightest of heavens, and those who turn many to righteousness will shine like stars forever and ever." Daniel 12:3”

“X is for X-mas Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket, then all your Christmases can come at once!”


“Feeling guilty does not set us free. Being equipped sets us free.”

“In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.”

“For every dilemma, find at least three or four possible solutions. The creative process leads to better results.”



“Hope is holding on to the promises of God.”


“Live well, Laugh often, Love much.”

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”

“Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.”

“No hay caminos para la paz; la paz es el camino.”

“When you make the dream of your heart a treasure of heaven, it holds an eternal value.”


“I have always believed in the power of collaboration. Early on in my professional career, I realized that you can't develop all the competencies you need fast enough on your own. Furthermore, if you don't collaborate, your ideas will be limited to your own abilities. As a result, you will not be able to serve your clientele and thus can't achieve the anticipated impact.”


“Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.”


“Listen within to find shining poetry and hear extraordinary music. You are a work of art.”

“Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.”

“You can actually create the life you want. It all depends on how daring you desire it.”


“The Lord is God.
God is Holy.”


“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”


“Follow your heart. Then root its longing with the facts.”


“Everyday gratitude sweetens what appears flavorless and brightens all that appears dim.”

“Creativity flows when the mind is light. Be light and ignite your imagination.”

“Making time to experience joy is the single most important thing you can do to heal your heart.”


“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”

“What are five things you are grateful for? Right now? Open to gratitude and you will soften into joy.”

“Thanksgiving is a joyous invitation to shower the world with love and gratitude.”

“Why settle for a lesser vision? When you are destiny for greatness!”


“When you give your mind, body, and heart the message that you are worth the effort of being conscious, miraculous things start to happen.”


“Loving yourself is required for authentic relationships.”


“Success is the relentless pursuit of joy.”

“An ocean of shimmering love exists in your heart. Tap into it today and rest in the undulating currents of the great mystery.”

“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”

“The Poetry of Love
We see the world with the eyes of a small child.
We visualize the beauty of the world with an unique magic sense,and unfold our deeper feelings and expectations diffusing the seizing negative forces that stretch out their threatening tentacles.
We give blow and shape in our dreams.
We seek for Love through unfamiliar new people and new experiences. Love is a vivid spirit, a big breath that touches upon each piece of our existence, our each cell…
Love affiliates a lot of forms, exists and fits everywhere.
Each flight of a small bird, the flutter of an incredible beauty butterfly, the stones wetted by waters of Aquamarine River, the branches of the trees that dally with the blow of wind, all these is the Spirit of Love.
When you love in a genuine way, love everything.
You are not bothered by the babble of Nature and the strange reactions of people.
You hear the sounds of everyday routine with bigger consequence. Overtakes the meanness consequently and with courage.
You seek truth in small things.
You live the each moment as if it's unique.
Love for nature.
Love for life.
Love for people.”


“Interconnection permeates the entire universe. We are all one.”

“In my experience, when a woman's cruelty is combined with love and devotion, it is almost always without exception an act performed not out of treachery, but as a painful self-sacrifice for the good of her beloved, to obtain for him a future bounty where he would not know how to obtain it for himself, or have the courage, patience, or foresight to obtain it. Womankind always seems to be able to see a dozen steps into the future, far ahead of what men are able to see. And they have strength where we do not.”



“Keberuntungan yang berlebihan selalu mengundang dengki.”


“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”

“When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.”


“It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...
It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!”


“A sense of the divine presence and indwelling bears the soul towards heaven as upon the wings of eagles.”

“The way I see it, our natural human instinct is to fight or flee that which we perceive to be dangerous. Although this mechanism evolved to protect us, it serves as the single greatest limiting process to our growth. To put this process in perspective and not let it rule my life, I
expect the unexpected;
make the unfamiliar familiar;
make the unknown known;
make the uncomfortable comfortable;
believe the unbelievable.”


“It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous”


“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”


“Even English Language doesn't provide you with the Synonyms of the word Success.”

“A whetstone, though it cannot cut, may sharpen a knife that will.”

“It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.”


“By recalling God’s past provision, we can reassure ourselves that what He has done in the past, He will do again in the future.”


“In meetings philosophy might work,
on the field practicality works.”

“Deal with your past so that it won't affect your future.”

“If we will turn to God in prayer, and if we will seek His comfort through His Words in the Bible, we will find our hearts and minds healed.”


“life is worth living when you have someone to share it with ..”

“Enjoy every day and make each day great”

“The creative mind seeks chance and accident while everyone else seeks control and order. Rod Judkins ‘Change Your Mind”


“Kenangi yang lalu, hadapi yang baru dengan penuh kesyukuran.”

“Having the best doesn't make you the best but producing the best makes you the best”

“True success cannot be achieved until you have experienced failure”

“ A man is only as rich as the people around him ”

“Ninety percent of everything you believe you can achieve in life you will.”

“Never worry a bit in Life. Always be full of merriment.”

“Saya adalah produk gagal yang sedang dalam proses pendauran ulang. :)”


“Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.”

“Don't worry about the negative people may say about you. Learn from it and move on.”

“A Controlled Mind Can Create All That It Words...!”


“If you want to change the world,learn to change yourself first.”

“Above all, never think you're not good enough. Never think that. In life people will take you at your own reckoning.”

“I love words.  I crave descriptions that overwhelm my imagination with vivid detail.  I dwell on phrases that make my heart thrum.  I cherish expressions that pierce my emotions and force the tears to spill over.   In essence, I long for a writer's soul sealed in ink on the page.”

“Do not do what you cannot continue to deliver.
For, remember, the world wants to see a continuity of delivery of
set standards...!”



“Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything,
but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the
will to do anything & everything...”


“But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.”


“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE”


“Nothing Comes Home...You Have To Get OUT & Get IT~!”


“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”


“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,
Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”


“Patience Pays..Is true!
But the greater truth is that it takes
advance payment before it pays you in return!”


“All have dreams, live for them,
They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that
differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”


“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action...
While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words...”


“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!
Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,
& Sharing the success with all!”


“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”


“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life
H – Harass
H – Hamper
H – Hurt
H – Harm
H – Hinder
To
Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”


“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”


“The best way to solve a problem is to prevent it.”

“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”


“You never leave your partner! Especially in a fire!”

“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...
For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever,
A battle for the rest..”


“Worlds 75% or more than that population doesn't know their real capabilities. Which they are born with. If anyway they realize it then this world become a great place to live.”

“Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!"
(p. 127)”


“If you're lost and alone
Or you're sinking like a stone
Carry on...
May your past be the sound
Of your feet upon the ground
Carry on”

“I promise.
For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote:
To think and try not to over think.
To breathe, but not hyperventilate.
To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst.
To call you when I'm in trouble.
To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.”


“Life is short,Live it long”

“Los pensamientos que acuden a mi mente cuando corro se parecen a las nubes del cielo. Nubes de diversas formas y tamaños. Nubes que vienen y se van. Pero el cielo siempre es el cielo. Las nubes son sólo meras invitadas. Algo que pasa de largo y se dispersa. Y sólo queda el cielo. El cielo es algo que, al tiempo que existe, no existe. Algo material y a la vez, inmaterial. Y a nosotros no nos queda sino aceptar ka existencia de ese inmenso recipiente tal cual es e intentar ir asimilándolo.”


“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!”


“You're never losing when you're learning !”

“ Ma már nem gondolom, hogy út, szenvedés, fáradtság nélkül célba lehet jutni.”

“One who has reached a goal no longer travels the road"
(Pauline Christianity, p. 111)”

“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”



“Apabila dalam diri seseorang masih ada rasa malu dan takut untuk berbuat suatu kebaikan, maka jaminan bagi orang tersebut adalah tidak akan bertemunya ia dengan kemajuan selangkah pun”

“I NAME THIS LAND TOMORROW, FOR IT SHALL LAST FOREVERMORE!”


“Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.”


“What you believe you can receive if you doubt it you will do without it.”

“We are the ones we've been waiting for.”


“Last night at Bingo, Sylvia won the last prize. 'What am I going to do with a mermaid?"
"Learn to swim in the murkiest water, reinvent yourself," the mermaid said #149”


“When dreams become words to share with others - amazing things can happen.”

“Kein Schiff trägt uns besser in ferne Länder, als ein Buch.”

“The tricky part about discovering our giftedness is that it may be in an area that feels unexpected.”


“Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears;
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him;
The evil that men do lives after them,
The good is oft interred with their bones”


“The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck”

“The world should have been in Technicolour, but seemed more like black and white.”


“But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.”
“But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)”

“Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.”

“No one in this world can change your habits, but only you can..... so, MOst powerfull person of this world is you..!..........keep that in your mind!”

“Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.”

“Do not blame your parents for not working hard enough to birth you with silver spoon in your mouth because tomorrow you will be a parent and your children will in turn blame you for not giving birth to them with the desired silver spoon.”

“A champion is someone ho gets up,
een when he can't”


“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”


“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”

“Always set small, realistic goals that you know you can achieve first. But don't give up on the bigger ones that may seem too far from your reach.”

“Love cannot be hidden. It even shines in the darkest places." ~ Carla Olson Gade, The Shadow Catcher's Daughter”

“Nervousness kill us... because we think we have only one opportunity that is in the Present and we don't think about the future! We loose our balance.”

“The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!”

“Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born.”

“I can do nothing without His help. Oh, Lord, what ignorance thinking everything was wealth.”

“Il culmine del piacere è la pura e semplice distruzione del dolore.”

“I am reminded that the children we birth do not belong to us. They belong to God. We are simply the vessel through which they arrive on this earth. We are appointed to care for and guide them; however, we must recognize when the time comes for them to govern their own lives.”

“you are you when you are true”

“على الرغم من اننى مازلت اتذكر التعصب فى حادثة جامعة برنستون, فغايتى ان استمر فى عملى بجد و عزيمة و اخلاص لأحقق هدفى فى نهاية الأمر.. و ربما استطيع بذلك تغيير رأى هؤلاء الناس بمرور الزمن, و أما اذا وقفت مكتوف الايدى متذمرا, او اندب حظى و أرثى لحالى فعندئذ لن احقق شيئا و لن اتقدم خطوة الى الأمام.”



“Because...” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “...if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “... and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!”

“This is a time when all of God's people need to keep their eyes and their Bibles wide open. We must ask God for discernment as never before.”


“Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony determined by another.”

“Harus menjadi pemberani pada hidup yang dipilih, harus menjadi pejuang pada hidup yang di luar pilihan.”


“Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.”

“When you don't know what the answer is, you know *Who* the answer is.”

“When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.”

“Do you know why I believe in the Lord Jesus and what He says? Because He has proved to me that He has my best interests at heart. What could He do that He did not do? He already gave His life for us (Romans 5:8-10; 8:32)”


“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus. Nothing is going to happen - ever - that will catch Jesus Christ by surprise. He is able to help His children work through anything, and not a single thing is going to happen in the future that can change that fact.”

“Ah, yes, choice. I chose to let my ghosts stay in past. Past is history you know. Living is now. I sat. I breathed. I let past go. I let future go. I am. That is all.”


“she was lucky if he stood behind her. Not so lucky if he came to crush her. And a woman might only learn the truth of it—when he walked out of her life.
Highlighted by 9 Kindle users”


“God is as real as a station wagon.”

“We can remove the veil that shrouds our understanding and made us forget who we truly are. When we understand the core self and live from the core self, the myth of separation, concepts of separation, color, religion, class, intelligence…all these fade away. We are not our color. We are not our religion. We are not our sexual preference. We are human beings. We are spiritual beings.”


“My study of prophecy convinces me that God intends knowledge of future events to help us "occupy" with a sense of urgency until the Lord returns.”


“After Every Storm There Is A Rainbow”

“What He said He would do He always did, and the things we already see fulfilled in His Word simply remind us that what He said about the future will take place just as surely.”


“If you have put your faith in Christ and have spent significant time in the Word of God, the tough times can be like a magnet that draws you to the Lord Jesus.”


“the holiest place on earth is where an ancient hatred has become apresent love.”

“Each of us has a vulnerability like Edmund's that Satan is eager to exploit. It may be something addictive like drugs or alcohol, or it may be something seemingly harmless and perhaps even good like food, friendship, or work.”

“Not doing harder than doing.”


“[Jesus] not only kept Himself from engaging in evil, He also continually acted in ways that honored and glorified god. He not only continually avoided the negative, He always pursued the positive.”


“A escolha entre livros e pessoas sempre lhe fora fácil. Mil vezes enterrada em palavras do que em sentimentos.”


“Afinal de contas há coisas que, por mais que se tente usar uma voz agradável e umas palavras dóceis, são inalteráveis. A verdade é o que é! E há verdades que não podem ser adoçadas.”


“Afinal, o que seriam mais umas horas sem a admissão de culpa do homem? Uma gota no oceano.”


“Múmias não eram mais assustadoras do que qualquer obra de arte naquele museu. Eram artefactos, coisas mortas, extintas há muito tempo, sem alma e sem sentimentos. Os vivos eram mais aterrorizadores.”


“A necessidade de calor humano leva-nos a procurar companhia nos sítios mais estranhos e, por vezes, nos menos adequados.”


“Como acalmar a fúria, apaziguar a angústia e explicar o inexplicável?”


“Amid the thousands of shrill voices screaming for our attention, there is but on Voice we need to hear. The voice of the Lord Jesus Christ.”


“[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.”


“Denying yourself a life of personal freedom is denying yourself of a life worth living.”

“I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!”

“If I were a flower, then now I’d be a bud
I shall treasure the beginning of my youth without
any regrets”

“The tide was a poem that only time could create, and I watched it stream and brim and makes its steady dash homeward, to the ocean.”



“All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.”

“When all is said and done all anyone has left is their integrity at their core... Don't give that away too.”

“Edine meje v tvojem življenju so tiste, ki si jih postaviš sam.”


“He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.”

“Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.”


“A dream is an idea involving a sense of possibilities rather than probabilities, of potential rather than limits. A dream is the wellspring of passion, giving us direction and pointing us to lofty heights. It is an expression of optimism, hope and values lofty enough to capture the imagination and engage the spirit. Dreams grab us and move us. They are capable of lifting us to new heights and overcoming self-imposed limitations.”

“What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind-then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be.”


“لا ينبغى أن نخجل من أمر فُرض علينا , مهما كان , ما دمنا لم نقترفه”

“The day we put an end to believing in hope will be the day we stop existing, for without hope, we are nothing.”


“Don’t let anyone set restrictions on your life...You chart the course of your own future, not anyone else. Don’t let people have such a power over you. Because if you’re always racing against their standards, then what’s the point of reaching a useless finish line?”


“Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You have to set yourself on fire.”

“If you buy an egg thinking it's a goose's egg, and when it hatches it is actually a bird of paradise; no manner of convincing and reproach will turn the bird of paradise into a goose. Even if you make it go to goose church and goose school and eat goose feeds and only hang out with geese! In the end, it will still belong to paradise.”

“Sreča pride z dobro presojo, dobra presoja pride z izkušnjami in izkušnje pridejo s slabo presojo.”


“Go where your nose leads you”


“Be the Light you seek so desperately in your life and chase away that darkness.”

“أيهما أفضل ...أن تكون رجلاً فى زمن الرجال ،أم أن تكون رجلاً فى زمان عز فيه الرجال
صدقنى ....القضية من الأساس أن تكون رجلاً”

“I used to fear things like not having enough alcohol and drugs, or the money to get them. Now I fear someone holding me down and physically forcing me to take drugs and drink alcohol. I fear that for some reason I wouldn't be allowed or wouldn't be able to read anymore.”

“Only something extremely dire and disabling will ever stop a real writer from writing. Retirement is never an option.”

“Kebathilan selama bila pun (abadan abada) tidak boleh dianggap benar kerana ukuran ramainya yang menyokong - atau sudah diarus perdanakan. Dan kebenaran pula - dalam apa jua zaman dan ruang masa pun - tidak boleh diinjak mati dan dilenyap punah hanya semata dititipkan rohnya oleh sebatang pena dan selembar kertas.”

“Awak HEBAT! Buktikan & tonjolkan KEHEBATAN Awak .. =)”

“ISE LO GUN ISE.”

“decision is of the mind not of the mouth also determination is of the heart not of the head- Golden Life Foundation”

“The mandarins of culture—what do they do to teach the common folk to read? It's no good writing down lists of books for farmers and compiling five-foot shelves; you've got to go out and visit the people yourself—take the books to them, talk to the teachers and bully the editors of country newspapers and farm magazines and tell the children stories—and then little by little you begin to get good books circulating in the veins of the nation. It's a great work, mind you!”

“Chakravyuh mein ghusne se pehle,
Before entering the circle of deceit,
kaun tha mein aur kaisa tha,
who I was, and what I was,
yeh mujhe yaad hi na rahega.
I would not remember.
Chakravyuh mein ghusne ke baad,
After entering the circle of deceit,
mere aur chakravyuh ke beech,
(there was) between me and the circle,
sirf ek jaanleva nikat’ta thi,
only a deathly intimacy
iska mujhe pata hi na chalega.
that I never realised.”

“It is through imagination that we transcend understanding and travel into the world of possibilities.”


“Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.”

“To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity, and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.”

“We're never called on to do what hurts. We just do what hurts out of ignorance and habit. Once we see what we're doing, we can stop.”



“In-existence, the soul’s greatest imposition is its perfection. It is projected as a perfected form of the physical embodiment, an emblem of things, perhaps hyperreal and untouchably perfect as existence. It can not be! The soul in-existence is nothing of perfection. It is raw potential. The soul is nothing but potential. To be specific, the soul is unordered potential!”


“Remember that a wish held fervently turns into belief, and a belief held diligently becomes reality.”


“We've all received our share of good fortune, so that's my definition of much. A single blessing is all the bounty in the world, and if you've been blessed at all you're meant to pass some of that on. You're meant to set a positive example. That's our responsibility" (20) - Denzel Washington, "So that We Might Follow”


“The Buddha encouraged people to "know for yourselves that certain things are unwholesome and wrong. And when you do, then give them up. And when you know for yourselves that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them."
The message is always to examine and see for yourself. When you see for yourself what is true-and that's really the only way that you can genuinely know anything-then embrace it. Until then, just suspend judgment and criticism.”


“Worth as I use it here is immeasurable, not as in mathematics towards infinity. But that it can not be measured. There are no measurable parameters for it! Certainly not a material-communal measurable parameter for it! Such, it is what the being holds that cannot and should never be traded. When it is there, every essence of your being knows it, and takes commands from it that will be able to override any personal or imposed sense of value.”


“Jesus knew that many of his listeners believed the old wineskin (or way of doing things) was good enough. They were comfortable with their beliefs and practices, but Jesus hadn't come to patch up old religious traditions. He was offering a new garment, a new wineskin, a way of life that didn't abolish the old ways, but fulfilled them.
The teaching illuminated my own need to remain pliable before God. I realize that I must have a softer housing for my growing faith, one that can flex and change as God is at work inside of me. All too often I find myself clinging to that which is comfortable and familiar, rather than embracing the challenges that emerge with change and growth. Sometimes I shy away from people who have strong views that differ from mine, even though sharing a great conversation... could temper both our viewpoints and deepen our relationship. Why do I run away from strong opinions and potential conflict? Am I too comfortable and unwilling to change? Such a realization highlights the need for the Spirit in my life not just to discern and distinguish, but also to illuminate and invite me to move forward into the fullness of life with him." -Scouting the Divine”


“God can turn the impossibile into possibilities. Possibilities become opportunities. Opportunities leads us one step closer to our dreams!”

“The Yorubas have a saying, here, my translation in English--a poor fool is a bigger fool rich. In other words, money only allows and enables you to be more of who you are. My bigger translation? You don't jump essence, you jump environs!”

“Freedom is in the Now”


“Doing what I like to do, the way I like to do it ... makes me happy.”

“Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition."
Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.”

“Say you are at the brink of killing yourself and someone tries to talk you out of it. You’ve already thought about it and your life is not worth living. Someone else comes along and tries to convince you not to kill yourself. Is there someone out there that can convince you not to kill yourself? What can they possibly say to convince you that your life, the one you have firsthand knowledge of, is worth living? There is that one answer. No one! There is that other answer. Nothing!”


“Tonight I saw Jesus with the eyes on my face. He looks half lion and half man. But not more like a lion and not more like a man, rather the same, I have never seen anything like the face of Jesus before, %100 one thing but %100 another thing: a lion man!” “Where did you see Him at?” “On the surface of my blanket as I lay in bed. He was suddenly drawn onto it, like a sketch, and that same moment I knew He was showing His face to me, finally.” “Why do you think He did that?” “I think He thought it was about time.”

“I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.”

“ 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' ”


“dont aom for success if u want it just do what u love n believe in and it wil come naturaly.”

“A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.”


“There's a very positive relationship between people's ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it.”

“Que as nossas palavras ressoem para sempre pela eternidade e que nunca sejam esquecidas. Se por ventura se perderem perdidos estaremos.”


“The truth came to me-a great revelation, showing me that I have a child to the Jones whole and perfect mind, created to express the health that God with.”

“When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.”

“Hope may seem frail. But in the face of adversity, hope can be our strongest ally.”


“The rainbow is the pot of gold to those who observe.”

“Moving is not about forgetting. It's about moving forward and never looking back.”

“Why can you see the stars at night, but not the light...”


“Love me, hate me, hurt me or kill me. I keep fighting.”


“Personal sophistication never goes out of style.”

“Knowledge is more than power, it is freedom.”

“Don't let the noise of mediocre people drown out the symphonies of your genius.”

“The louder your “I can” the closer your “I've done it!”

“Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.”



“Gratitude raises your awareness and focus and it can inspire you to achieve better for yourself and the people around you.”


“Once you realize that everything in the Universe is connected then you will have a better understanding of the fundamental nature of manifesting.”


“What is energy? Everything is energy.”


“The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.”


“Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.”


“Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you are in control of your life and the events that come into your life at any given moment.”


“Positive words can bend your world in your favor.”


“Creating abundance must start from within ourselves.”


“Millionaires, though, see objects like diamonds and good feelings merely as fruits. The root of true wealth, in fact, stems from your behaviors.”


“Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!”


“No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.”


“A thoughtform is rather like electricity … it must first be created and then discharged in order to exist.”


“Base your self-esteem on truth.”


“Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.”


“Being able to unlock your subconscious mind depends on knowing what you want before you can achieve it.”


“When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.”


“Imagine repeating the power words ‘love’ or ‘happiness’ for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.”


“You can create financial abundance by having a positive relationship with money.”


“Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.”


“When you begin to entertain the more positive possibilities, hope for the best, plan for the best and expect the best, your eventual attraction of the best possible circumstances is almost guaranteed.”


“a paradox; the best opportunities we want are the best opportunities we miss; the best opportunities we wanted, are the best opportunities we missed and the best opportunities we seek for stay far away from us. In the end, we only settle for any opportunity. Life!”

“If you have to fall, fall like a dry leaf, follow the wind, drop on the river; you will meet the ocean and your life will never ne the same.”

“If you have to fall, fall like a dry leaf, follow the wind, drop on the river, you will meet the ocean and your life will never be the same”

“Words will change your future”

“Believe in yourself, for the universe believes in you.”

“Your attitudes towards others affect what you think about yourself.”

“The foundation of all personal development, actually, is self-acceptance and self-love.”


“No satan can unsettle what God has settled.”



“Negative prophecies are reversible. The Lord reveals to conquer. You are created to reverse any negative with your prayers and the word of God.”


“If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable.
Hosea 4:6”


“It is impossible to enjoy divine protection without the word of God. You must be a word addict.”


“The church preach so much about power in the kingdom of God but we don't talk about wisdom. Everybody goes for power forgeting that power without wisdom can be disastrous.”


“Wisdom cannot be bought from the walmart, it can only come from the Holy Spirit of God.”


“Do you want to acquire God's own wisdom? Relate with the Holy Spirit. Be a seeker of divine guidance by the Holy Spirit. You can't be a man or woman of solution without God.”


“The world is full of problems and I bet you the problems will continue to exist but what will make you relevant to the world is when you have answers to the questions the world asks. You can only be useful when you have the answers to the questions of the world. The best way you provide solutions and answers to those challenges is through wisdom.”


“A man with wisdom will always have a solution no matter how big his challenges may be. Wisdom makes you a problem solver.”


“Wisdom is the mother of solutions. You cannot upgrade in wisdom and lack solutions and you cannot have a wisdom and be stranded in any challenge you face.”


“Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications.”


“Even with fasting and prayers you still need wisdom. At the root of every great accomplishment is wisdom. In all your getting get wisdom first.”


“When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man.”


“Wisdom is knowing the right thing to do and doing it at the right time to get the desired result. It is also the correct application of knowledge.”


“Every crisis is a wisdom crisis. If you have no peace around you then you lack wisdom.”


“The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom.”


“A lot of people pray for power, house, financial breakthrough, wealth etc. But only few ask God for wisdom. There are so many great power pack man and women of God who lack wisdom.”


“You cannot occupy a proper place on earth without wisdom. It is the principal thing you must have.”


“God's word will produce with your level of understanding. The much you can understand it, the more wisdom you are privileged to have.”


“Have you ever reached to a point where you asked God if the assignment is really from Him. In your account you have just 100 dollars and He is asking you to execute a 400 million dollar project. Have you reached to the point that you consider going further will make no sense? Have you reached the point where you asked God are you sure you are still with me?
I just found myself in that Junction now. Turning back ....to realise I have gone too far for Him to forsake me. Moving forward I heard the voice saying ...be still and know that I am your God. Giving up.....Couldn't find it in my dictionary.
Moral of the lesson. God cannot give you an assignment that is equal to your pocket. If it suits your pocket it is definitely not from God. Remember God will not take glory where nothing happen.”


“You cannot have a dream and expect someone else's faith to make it a reality for you.
Habakuk 2:4”


“There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward.”


“That you are a born again Christian does not mean you will automatically succeed except you follow God's principles. Never forget faith without good work is dead.”


“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you, place them on the floor and use them as stepping stones to where you want to go.”

“Leaving your future to pot luck is holding you back, you are worth more than anything, yet why do you leave everything to chance?”


“Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.”


“One BIG thing you overlooked when setting out on living the adventure of being wealthy was that you overlooked your current reality!”


“To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.”


“The first step to reclaim your power to control your own life is to take responsibility for your life completely.”


“The second step that comes right after taking responsibility for everything that occurs in your life is to let go of all that you do not feel good about.”


“We define love in relation to our emotional comfort level, but cowards to the accountability that comes with its great magnitude.”

“We yearn for opportunities, we pray for opportunities and we seek for opportunities. The good news is that we meet opportunities. The bad news is that we miss the opportunities only to come to a later realization of missed opportunities.”

“If all you are looking for is a miracle you are wide open to follow the antichrist and the false prophets because they are going to have a big league of signs and wonders ministry.
If signs and wonders do not bring glory and honour to Jesus Christ, then you must be watching a false prophet whose anointing does not come from the Holy Spirit of God.”

“Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think.”



“The closer we try to get to God, the more we will hate to sin in our own lives, the more we are saddened by the thoughts that runs through our minds. I also think that the more we draw closer to God, the more God will honour us and will open doors for the right things to happen in our life.”

“I have the mind of Christ. The best life you could ever live is the one that your creator destined you for. The one He made you for. He has given us everything we need ......... to become like Him. To reach to your potentials. Worship Him in spirit and in truth.”


“When we are preoccupied with wealth and material acquisitions, it chokes God's word in us and makes it unfruitful. But if we follow His plan of being prosperous you will enjoy the blessings of this life.”


“Our life is not in stuff, focus your attention on Christ where it should be. Prosperity and wealth has damaged the body of Christ. God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his children but don't replace him with material.”


“We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you.”


“Sure we all need money but what do you really focus on? It is a matter of the heart. If your thoughts are on material and worldly things, no good fruits can come out of it.
Seek the kingdom of God first and the other things shall be added unto you not vice versa.”


“Poor means when we lack things in our lives. There are two types of poverty. ...those that need food and shelter and those that need God in their lives. We are called to service to help both group of people as much as we can.”


“Even though it may look like the wicked is gaining ground, God is still in control. We need to pray for our nations, pray for others, pray for forgiveness and mercy over people. We need to love no matter who we are talking to, whether they are Atheist, Moslems, Lesbians, Homosexuals or Pagans. We need to love them and share the love of God with them and not judge and see if we can rebuild our broken nations.”


“Rebuilding is something that is practically difficult than starting over from nothing.”


“Understand something people, we will be hated by many in the name of Christ, ridiculed, mocked, stoned, slaughtered. We will be fined, jailed and killed for our love for Christ. You are supposed to see better with your eyes today, how close this is happening, just prepare your heart and soul to be braver than Peter and not deny Christ in the moment your life might be in jeopardy for Him and what you believe. Apostle Pauls says to live is Christ to die is gain.”


“The devil comes to steal, kill and destroy and his followers do the same. Be watchful and keep that in mind.”


“I think it will be better if we can live our life as if Christ is going to return today and plan our live as if it is hundred years off. Keep living, serving and most of all be prepared.”


“If you want to see the beauty of any fish, throw it into the water, you will see how best it can swim because that is its source. Do you want to see the beauty in you? Don't look in the mirror, don't put on makeups, no jewelleries or expensive designer clothes, just go back and reconnect to your source and I bet, the best of you will show up. Until you return back to God, your best won't come out because He is your source.”


“If want to become a person with vision, get back and reconnect to your source.”


“School does not make people, it is learning that makes people great, that is why you see first class students fail and poor. The world is not ruled by those who went to school, it is ruled by those who learn everyday.”


“People with vision sees opportunity where there is problem. They see money not problem.”


“Blind minds are worst than blind eyes. That you have eyes does not mean that you have vision. Visionaries do not look they see whlie people look.”


“Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future”


“There are too many stars in the sky and none of them is overshadowing the other. Don't let anybody be a threat to your growth.”


“You cannot use another man's leg to run your race. Wives stop waiting for your husbands to do everything. For God's sake make an impact. Nobody is a threat to your development.”


“In politics no permanent friends, no permanent enemies but permanent interest.”


“I am the most important person to me. I am the most important person in the entire universe to me. I am the centre of my own universe.”


“Faith is never connected to safe. There is no faith without tension. For a rubber band to function to it's elasticity, it has to experience a tension. Saints of God who has no tension has no function.”


“There's supposed to be more value in your life than spending more than sixty hours in a week in a place you don't care about and in an environment they don't care about you.”


“People would want to get safe and come to Christ because they see the evidence in your life not because you quote the scriptures to them.”


“If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future.”


“There are so many things that we learn in our lives most of which we can't learn without seeing the hearts of others.”

“To dream is to desire, to desire is to long for, to long for is to want, and to want you must work to attain all you dream of, desire, long for and want.”

“Don't try to reach perfection. Just try to reach an inner and outer realization of self.”

“When we get married, we promise a person the rest of our lives, "Til death do us part". But what if in another life we promised someone forever? What if ten lifetimes ago we promised someone lifetime after lifetime after lifetime? Think about it. Maybe that's why marriages fail when they do fail. Because maybe promises are never really broken.”

“When we can see the star of desire in our sky, we can use our wings of hope and our air of love to reach it.”

“Living on Faith.
Striving on Desire.
Flying on Hope.”

“I love being high. High on Life, High on Love, High on Hope, and High on Faith.”

“God cannot resist love for He cannot resist Himself.”

“Our daily thoughts manifest into the life we live and what occurs around us.”



“Speak positive affirmations into fruition. For instance, if you feel frustrated or anxious, you can say, “I am calm, and I can work through my situation to arrive at a positive outcome,” or “I am at peace with all things in my life, and success finds me easily.”


“You have to evaluate your relationships and eliminate the relationships that are not bringing you positivity and growth. We need to be around people who encourage us, uplift us, and promote positivity.”


“When you are in harmony with love and positivity, everything you want will be pushed in your direction and given to you.”


“Self-love is having appreciation for oneself, respecting oneself, and caring for oneself, and the actions that help us mature also help it grow.”


“You are not born with a fixed amount of resilience. Like a muscle, you can build it up, draw on it when you need it. In that process you will figure out who you really are — and you just might become the very best version of yourself.”

“You cannot lead a beautiful life with ugly thoughts.”

“Even the media has a twisted image of reality. Magazines have photoshopped images of men and women models and celebrities on their covers. We are flooded with images of perfection and material things. Those influences can take over your mind, causing you to want to keep up with those celebrities on television and in magazines in any way possible. You cannot be happy if you constantly compete with others for public approval.”


“If there is no perfection of a work , be sure the perfection of a plan.”

“Like a lost satellite, I hovered close to your orbit, knowing that at any moment I might succumb to your gravitational pull and willingly burn inside your atmosphere.”

“We must resolve to live our lives and to build our lives in such a way, that if every ounce of fame were to dissipate tomorrow, and the only people who still remember our names are the few people around us who have true love for us in their hearts-- we would still be able to go on living life with an equal or even greater amount of happiness than before. You see, we must resolve to live our lives in such a way, that the worth and the value of it all comes from those things that are a part of our souls. You fill your soul with what is a part of it, with people who have made you a part of their hearts, and things that bring you awe. Then if all the world were to disappear before your eyes, just not any part of your soul, then you are okay! You are still happy. You can wake up to a new morning in a world that doesn't know you, retaining every ounce of worth that you had before! And maybe even more.”

“Like a lost satellite, I hovered around your orbit, with the knowledge that at anytime I might fall into your gravitational pull and willingly burn into your atmosphere.”

“Life is the episodic collection of anecdotes that has some deeper meaning.”

“Sages are never lonely; light accompanies them wherever they go.”

“To inspire is revealing the unpolished bits before perfection.”

“Beautiful souls bloom in ugly places.”

“To dream is to allow our subconscious thoughts exceed our limitations”

“YOU DON'T NEED TO BE AN ELEPHANT BEFORE YOU ARE RELEVANT”

“You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you”

“You do care 'bout me, huh?”


“I feel the sunrise in the alley; the rain has stopped drumming on my windows and a smile comes across my once weary and teary eyed face. The music finds its volume again, and a maddening piano sends a fury of force up my spine and into my now focused mind. I am here to be of service, to light fires along the path so that they may provide direction for another. I cannot see behind me, and I do not know how this will make you feel – and the beautiful truth is that it matters none to me. I have received whatever it is I should receive from this, and though I hope you wake with happiness in your heart, I know I cannot worry myself. I have no control – I am but a writer and a poor boy who has found my heart ripened because I can send my thoughts into the ether. I am always a part of this when I take myself out of it.”

“The greatest battle against cognitive dissonance is in the soul.”

“With all control look for the hole, your mind gets weak, unless it’s truth you seek. Swirled and twirled into another world, into the smog, a doorway within the fog.”
Deetkatu, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”



“Just do something. You might make a mistake, then you can fix it. But if you do nothing, you can't fix anything. And your life might turn out full of regrets.”


“Always look at the message, not the messenger!”
The Little People, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“Sometimes humans just don't listen, they ‘take’ to fill a space that’s missin’!"
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure”


“In each century since the beginning of the world wonderful things have been discovered. In the last century more amazing things were found out than in any other century before. In this new century hundreds of things still more astounding will be brought to light. At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they see it can be done- then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago. One of these things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live."
The Secret Garden
Frances Hodgson Burnett
1911”

“In each century since the beginning of the world wonderful things have been discovered. In the last century more amazing things were found out than in any other century before. In this new century hundreds of things still more astounding will be brought to light. At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they see it can be done- then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago. One of these things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live."
The Secret Garden
Frances Hodgson Burnett
1911”


“Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.”
Gramma Tenanye, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“Even Google can't reach God.”

“Be mindful of the thoughts and emotions you put out, they will only project back to you like a boomerang, no doubt!”
Grampa Foster, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“Pretty things can be denied when it is beauty that comes from a place inside. Your outer appearance may have its place but to walk in beauty is to walk in grace. So lift your confidence to gain inner merit, then walk in beauty and connect to your spirit. Embellish yourself with art for fun, it enhances, inspires and in beauty, YOU RUN!"
Maiara, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it."
Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“OHHHH don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell a lie, See my muscles on my legs when I swim, I can do back spins with the force of my fins. SOOOOO don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell lie. The muscles in my heart are tougher than my shell, To “love” makes me stronger than to lift a barbell.”
Willard the Sea Turtle, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“Do you not believe, Governess, where this power comes from, you seek? It is not from the “things” you keep. I trust the Creator to take care of me. Come what may, I will stay out of your way.”
Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“I guess we all know that more souls will advance.” When you learn that life can make you wise, it’s no surprise that the light within you will grow and will shine for those you come to know.”
Benoway, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“Might I take this moment to give thanks to our loving Creator for supplying us with all our needs for this day and always!”
Grampa Foster, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“Our traditions teach us the past is not forgot, yet the past repeats the future believe it or not. If we dwell on the negative, we continue to make, an unhealthy life we must never forsake. Our fairy ring teaches us cause and effect, what we give to the world, returns to us direct!”
Chepi, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“Seeing is not believing, it is only seeing,”
George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin”


“If you were happy with all you had, then you’d grow, If the sun and moon could make you glad, then you’d know. With food on your plate and a place to sleep, be thankful and you’ll be given more to keep, Just for now, what you need for now. Feel you are worthy, you will not lack, you’ll enjoy life and love to give back, Forgiving others you forgive yourself, which makes more room to live and be well, Just allow. For every gift you give extends, more love and wealth the heavens send, Again and again, ten times ten, Because you are loved more than you know, your mistakes turn you into a loving soul, You’ll learn how.”
Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”

“BELIEVING IS SEEING what you want! Seeing, might be believing, what you don't want! Your inside eyes are your special sight, to create your life in every way, But the environment you see with your eyes creates your thoughts every day. The beliefs that come from outside of you will make more of the same; So to see a change you must think out of the box; this is how you play the game. What you think, see and feel all at once, is how you create your life; Be the observer in your heart and mind, not what will repeat your strife, This will promote a healthy brain, to focus on joy rather than pain, See what you want, as if it is happening NOW, the Little People just showed you how! Because, your imagination is your real tool, no matter what anybody else tells you!
The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“LOVE is the answer to everything! Seriously! Everything!
The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea”


“Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them!”
Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“I took another punch for the parrots. It's like boxing with the sun. Just watch the sparks FLY!!!”


“She is a free spirit: an inquisitive voyager. She knows no boundaries and resists control. She sails fearlessly with 'time' as her soul grows beauty. She is graceful, yet she owns her story.”

“At the bottom of the human well, there should always be a candle of compassion.”

“Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don’t look back, NOW choose to be happy!”
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“being a picture, then finding I was really a puzzle piece. Once I found the piece that was supposed to fit beside me.”


“A paradox of life; be it good or bad, joy or sorrow, comfort or discomfort, appointment or disappointment, encouragement or discouragement, deception or loyalty, faithfulness or unfaithfulness, a good day or a bad day, things in life never remains static. Things keep moving and things keep changing. Seconds keep galloping, minutes keep changing into hours and hours keep turning into days. Free your mind from such things which are capable of crippling it from thinking distinctively. Notwithstanding the situation, keep moving to the purposeful land.”

“one of the most important things you can do for yourself is have a strong sense of your own greatness... because many things and people will misjudge you and count you at what they thing you are or can achieve. Their limits are not true... yours are,”

“Be the life others quote two thousand years from now; become immortal.”

“The highest prayers lift you out of the lowest places.”

“Overnight success happens after a lifetime of sweat.”

“No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change.
Psalm 139:23 - 24”



“I used to be mad when they called me crazy, until I realized that in those moment they consider me insane I was following my heart, doing what makes me happy and most of all being myself.so now when I am called crazy I take it as a great compliment because it's a confirmation that I'm living my best life.”

“if you cannot find the distinctive opportunities you want, you can create the distinctive opportunities you want but you can't find!”

“Get inspired by inspiring others.”

“Greatness is inspiring others to be their best.”

“Motivating others leads to success whereas inspiring others leads to greatness.”

“I am the master of my own fate:
I am the captain of my soul.”

“All the pain on the outside can not undo what is felt on the inside.”

“Point your fire like a flower.”


“Life is harder than you thought, you must face the challenges that comes to your life and fight with Love and Dignity in-order to have a successful life.”

“Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.”

“If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.”

“Never assume but trust your instincts.”

“Carving your own path gets you to greatness quicker than following someone else's trail.”

“Dream is not what we see in sleep, dream is what that does not allow us to sleep..”

“The thing about magic is everyone wants to own some, most so badly they’re willing to beg and borrow and steal it from whomever they can. But the truth is unless you own your own magic you’ll be destroyed by it; whether you lend its power to others or use what isn’t yours doesn’t matter.”

“One who conquers fear conquers his greatest enemy.”

“Walking on water is safer than sailing in a leaking boat.”

“When you truly believe in the desires of your heart, they show themselves to you, creating a world you wish to see. When you believe in the bad things of your world, they also become visible, weighing on your heart, which makes peace hard to find.”
Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“Growing inside comes from trusting what you believe in and keeping a smile, even when confronted with misery and trial.”
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.”
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“The lower you fall the higher you can rise.”

“Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!”
Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the little people…An Enchanting Adventure”


“Whatever ‘I AM,’ you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are ‘I AM’ is what will be!”
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“There is no telling what he will do! A bind, I know he will have to unglue. This day will surely reveal a clue. Beware of the Deetkatu!”
Trinity, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“True happiness is a state of mind and must come to you through the recognition of your own power and the finding of your own place in the world.”
Venice Bloodworth, Key to Yourself”


“When you are open and aware, it allows for all magical possibilities! We, here in the forest, can see all that goes on in our environment on the surface; but we have true awareness that sees beyond the shallow! This belief comes from the depths of wisdom that there is more than meets the eyes!”
Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“My head says forget it, my heart says I’ll regret it, and what my stomach tells me, I should not ignore. Oh no, I gotta go, give me a leave, not your sleeve! I know this will cease, when I feel peace. So I will help a boy, come to Joy, a risk I shall take, it’s no mistake, my stomach tells me so.”
Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure”


“A boy was regarded King to be, in a land only a child could see. We admit it could be a difficult task, just in case you are inclined to ask, for those who would even vaguely begin, to remember the child that comes from within, of a modern world still hardened by past and rules that can make you grow up fast. Yet into the imagination, we hope you escape, from beliefs that your life may potentially shape; try to let go of what you normally resist, while exploring the way nature and a boy co-exist.”


“Take a moment and sit with yourself. You may find what you are looking for.”

“Every successful person can point to that one single event or moment in their life that was the difference between ultimate success and failure.”

“Everyone is only one opportunity away from success; hard work is the key ingredient necessary to produce that fortuitous moment.”

“You can realize success as long as you build it upon a solid foundation of hard work; follow 'The Six Steps to Success' and you can live your dreams!”

“Change isn’t closing the door on the old, it is opening the door on the new.”

“As the cauldron bubbled she mused at how she missed prayer. It had been cathartic, and helped her to understand her own thoughts and feelings. She’d thought there was a god answering back too. Now she couldn’t conceive that there existed any great spirits or gods beyond the veil of reality the world resided in. Even so, she longed to pray. Could she pray with nothing to pray to? Prayer meant hope, it was hope carefully crafted into specifics."
~Vexis Zaelwarsh - Low Priestess to Avanti
-Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage”
― Martyn Stanley”



“Unfortunately it is often the vocal minority that are heard in times of conflict."
Brael Truthseeker
Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage
- Martyn Stanley”


“Vexis listened, then shook her head, her eyes full of sorrow. ‘YOU are the fool! You cannot rob people of their beliefs and expect them to just accept it. Even now, I mourn the death of Avanti every day. Even though I now know she was never real. The idea of Avanti was real. Serving Avanti gave me a purpose, I felt she was guiding and encouraging me. Now I have nothing, I am reduced to simply “making it up as I go along”. I hate you Brael. I will never forgive you for what you did.’
Brael took a deep breath. ‘You were always making it up as you went along. You just didn’t know it. People need to take responsibility for their actions. There is one person guiding me, and that is me. I will live as long as I can and I will try to leave this world a better place for my presence. That is enough purpose for all.”


“Sometimes people would feign friendship for as long as it suited them. However resentment built, like dry kindling, stacked around a fire - waiting for the spark to ignite it.”


“Excellence in obscurity is better than mediocrity in the spotlight.”

“Excellence is the best ink with which to make your mark in the world.”

“What if happiness was a choice?”

“Whatever God does today will be as significant as the parting of the Red Sea.”

“You were born a star; your deeds determine how brightly you'll shine.”

“Through light, together, let us breed positivity as a lifestyle.”

“Find what you like and let it kill you.”

“Dance to inspire, dance to freedom, life is about experiences so dance and let yourself become free.”

“Dance is that delicacy of life radiating every particle of our existence with happiness.”

“She who is a dancer can only sway the silk of her hair like the summer breeze.”

“Dance is the ritual of immortality.”

“DANCE – Defeat All Negativity (via) Creative Expression.”

“Audience of angels descend in the ambiance reciting praises in your glory, when you wear your dance shoes, when you arrive at the stage and with every step you take beneath your feet heaven moves. That is the power of dance.”

“Dance as the narration of a magical story; that recites on lips, illuminates imaginations and embraces the most sacred depths of souls.”

“Transcend the terrestrial; surpass the celestial, from nature’s hands when you receive the sublime pleasures of dance.”

“If you opened the dictionary and searched for the meaning of a Goddess, you would find the reflection of a dancing lady.”

“Never forget that there is a soul within you, which loves you very much ,only because it's you.”

“Sometimes in life confusion tends to arise and only dialogue of dance seems to make sense.”

“You are the greatest temple in the universe; God dwells within you.”

“The time is my vehicle & the light is my fuel.”

“The life is insignificant....... until it faces the problem.”

“Don’t aspire to be the next somebody else. Be proud and embrace being the first and only you!”

“If you can't find any force of good around you in your life, then be one.”

“It's still ok to dream with a broken heart.”

“One person's disapproval shouldn't make you quit. If it's your passion, a thousand people screaming 'No!' still won't stop you!”

“Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.”

“Why must it be so hard
For us to come to understand,
That there are things we cannot change
Hidden amongst the things we can?
For we can rearrange our hearts,
Dust out the corners of our minds,
We can teach our eyes to see
Only the things we wish to find.
Yet once we decorate our walls
And sweep our sorrows off the floor,
Why do we look to someone else,
To show us how we can be more?
For here is where the line
Between our can and can't gets tough,
Just the point at which we all must learn
That we are already enough,
That since we cannot choose the home,
Our only soul was born into,
We should rearrange its rooms
But learn to love its window's view.”

“Mistakes aren't life sentences they are life lessons.”

“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy
Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”



“90% problems of line can be solved by dropping them and remaining 10& can be solved by effort”


“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”


“The worst thing that can happen to you as a young person, is to refuse to grow up. You refuse to grow up when you believe that someone else must take responsibility for your life and life circumstances.”


“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”

“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”


“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”


“Sometimes my entire life has felt like one long exercise in lowering my expectations.”


“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”


“Keep Going
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”


“Future will be an Inspiration, Present will be Determination and Past will remain as memories.”

“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”


“Focus on your goals, not your fear.
Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”


“Confident sheep overcome insecure wolves.”

“Give the gift of understanding to your child. When they feel understood, they feel loved!”

“Only after you take care of yourself, you become a happy joyful person.”


“Life changes therefore think of change when change is a must. Change such things which you have to change when you have to change things for the longer you think of changing things, the more things keep changing. The best tomorrow is today! Be swift and think of change!”

“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.
Focus on your character, not your reputation.
Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”


“Fear must die for your dreams to live.”

“sea is embedded in drop and abundance is embedded in hope.”


“What you endured was a sign of what you would become.”

“One who conquers fear cannot be conquered by anyone.”

“Your best day can always become a great day. Your attitude solely depends on this.”

“You become strong by lifting others up, not pulling them down.”

“The lonely road to greatness is better than the crowded road to mediocrity.”

“Light achieves its highest potential in the dark.”

“Your worst past was preparation for your best future.”

“If you want to conquer the stress,anger and illusion of life, live in the moment, enjoy your breathing, count your blessings.”

“The weight of God's love for humanity cannot be determined. But felt with a grateful heart.”

“One does not become strong lifting feathers.”

“You become greater than what you conquer within.”

“In our deepest valleys we are strengthened to climb our highest mountains.”

“Memories are thins sheets of metal that can be easily molded or shaped. They possess the power to either tickle your heart or haunt your soul.”



“What an ugly thought it is to die with all your dreams and aspirations locked in your heart, forever unknown.”

“Life is like a Book, Everyone has their own new chapters”

“You cannot force a person to respect you like you cannot buy love but you can refuse anyone who doesn't do these things freely a pass into your life.”


“Elevate yourself away from anything or anyone who stunts your growth by distraction, you will never get round to watering your own plant if you wait for there approval to do so. Before you know it there garden will be full and yours would never have been started.”


“You cannot water your own plant if you are waiting on other people's approval to do so. Stop living your one and only life waiting for validation, start seeking your own inner voice to guide you.”


“We have the opportunity to choose whether we simply have an extraordinary relationship, or ignite extraordinary transformation through our relationship.”

“ईमान अत्यन्तै बहुमुल्य वस्तु हो , सस्ता मानिसहरूमा यसको अपेक्ष्या गरेर दु:खि नबौनौं ।”

“God creates us male and female and there is no middle ground. Any man claiming they are trapped in a female's body or a woman claiming she was meant to be a man should ran fast and see a psychiatrist for help.God cannot be blamed for schizophrenic beliefs that are imagined and such people should be hit on their butt very hard to come back to their senses. This is like somebody climbing to the 42nd floor of a building and jumping off believing they can fly. Trash!”

“You learn more from your tears than your smiles.”

“Everyone of us has her/his own niche in life. There are lot of people I look up to, they inspire me and they will always influence my life. Here are some of those inspirational figures and their niches:
. Kenneth Hagin- A man of faith
. Myles Munroe- A man of Kingdom of God
. Mike Murdock- A man of wisdom
. Casey Treat- A man that has a heart for orphans
. Oscar Nkosi- A grounded teacher of God's word
. Matthew Ashimolowo- A man who raises champions
. John Maxwell- A man of leadership
. Reinhard Bonnke- A man of winning souls
. Mark Chironna- A man that delivers the fresh word from above.”

“The pain of yesterday are the gain of today"
By Buhari S.I”

“You doubt your value. Don't run from who you are.
- Narnia”

“Do not think about what you do not have in life, enjoy what you have in life to the fullest.”

“I don't understand
Why the people are comparing
themselves to others
Do not compare your life to others
You are not aware of other lives,
Always love your life
Then Life would be Wonderful .. !!”


“Be sure you've chosen a right way to live, and stick to it.”

“Bitter wisdom is better than sweet folly.”

“A drop of sense can save you an ocean of tears.”

“Love pouring out of you is evidence of God pouring into you.”

“Some birds learn how to fly only after falling off of a cliff.”

“In the end, it's just the conclusion/destination that matters! The journey becomes a history.”

“Today's tears are an investment into tomorrow's smiles.”

“Do not trust them so much that you start to doubt the gentle whispers of your heart.”

“Your soulmate is that one, who by entering it, has made your life come to life.”

“The Story Is Always There
Sometimes you don't need to speak to someone to know how they are feeling. You don't need to ask what is their story - often people have it written on their faces and you just have to take the time out to read it.”



“What courage must a human possess to stand at ease and witness the birth of the sun.”

“Impamvu tur' abakristo bintegenke nuko tutar' imbata nyazo za Kristo”

“Impamvu turi abakristo b'intege nke ni uko tutari imbata nyazo za Kristo”

“Storms don't last forever...
REMEMBER:
Everything is only temporary!!”

“To truly live
you must have laughter
and love in your heart....
Are you living?”

“Roses do not bloom the same time as daisies.”

“Love is the most beautiful flower in the garden of life.”

“There's no use in worrying..
Tomorrow has already been taken care of.
What will be, will be!!”

“A RELATIONSHIP SHOULD NOT HAVE LOVE
THAT HAS CONDITIONS.
THE LOVE SHOULD BE UNCONDITIONAL.
A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT SURVIVE IF
THERE IS NOT THIS LOVE.
One should have a blending of physical, mental, and spiritual and not just physical or one part, and not the others.”

“Rise in your mind and you will rise in your world.”

“The Story Is Always There
Sometimes you don't need to talk to someone to see how they feel. You don't need to ask about their story. Some people have it written on their faces and you just have to take the time to read.”


“O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being and dance are one.”

“I'd say that people give up because they don't know the possibilities that are out there for them, nor do they realize their potential.”


“
In all the work you are given, do the best you can
(Colossians 3:23a ERV).”

“Funny thing about the darkness...
It can be defeated by the dimmest shimmer of light!
So on your darkest days
let even a little bit of light in”

“Writers are explorers who find new worlds and use words to bring them to our reality.”


“Poor people are those who does not have Dreams rather does not Money...”

“Dancing in the rain is better than despairing in the storm.”

“Poor people are those who do not have Dreams rather do not have Money…”

“It ain't hard to make the right decision, however making it at the right time, now that's a talent that needs mastering.”

“Jump, take that flight, and build your wings on the way down.”


“Don’t break a neck looking up for God. Try looking down at inspiring human deeds.”

“Monday: New Week; Fresh Start; Time to make something happen!”

“कालले शरीर खोसे पनि आत्माको स्वतन्त्रता कहिल्यै खोस्न सक्दैन्।”

“जो पक्षपाति छ उ सँग पो डराउने, मृत्‍यु त सदैव निष्पक्ष छ , धनी, गरिव , जात-जाती ,रुप- वर्ण कसैसँग पनि भेदभाव राख्दैन ।”

“Don't say sorry for the past , don't be worried for the future , live in the present , the happiness is always with you .”

“You know what's worse than not working hard? Working hard in the wrong direction.”

“We must become the person who is ready to accept the thing/s that we want. Sometimes, what you want is already waiting for you, alongside the person that you are capable of becoming. Alongside the destined you. So in between here and there, you have that journey, that process, of becoming that person. Wiser, stronger, gentler. We think that to attain what we want, means simply to achieve what we wish to attain. But if we could only see ourselves-- our destined selves-- already there in the future, standing hand-in-hand with our desires, we would always know that our worthy desires are objects that call us unto a higher calling, a higher state of existence.”

“if u don't get a miracle become one”

“Ignorance breeds success.”

“O wayfarer! Yearn finds quench, not in meadows, seashores or altitude of mountain peaks; but when being becomes dance.”

“Unkindness is being unkind to oneself.-Fida Fayez Qutob”

“Unkindness is being unkind to oneself.”

“Live in the moment, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering!”

“Create your own out of the box thinking, create your own box.”

“No matter how bad the situation is, if you can't find any humor then life is not worth it.”

“Pearls from the soul are more precious than diamonds from the mine.”

“Show me a person who found love in his life and did not celebrate it with a dance.”

“للورق رائحة الخبز الطازج، ومحتواه يسد رمق الفكر الجائع”

“Your imagination dictates your destination.”

“When you turn your dreams on there is no off switch.”

“The greatest words are written on hearts, not paper.”

“If you do not grasp, intellectually or spiritually, the 'One' in All, you would've lived and died as your former self - ape, et all.”

“When there is a WISH, there is a WAY, and there is a big WHY to proceed.”

“The best way to get anything done is to do it yourself.”

“I am a person. I am not always happy 24 hours a day, 7 days a week; sometimes I feel sad, sometimes I feel angry. Sometimes I see brokenness in the world and I feel like I'm dying inside because I want to fix it! I am a person. I am not continuously grateful for everything and everyone 100% of the time. Because sometimes, I don't feel grateful! Sometimes I feel betrayed, other times I feel deceived. Because I am a person. And I am tired of the schools of thought and the judgmental eyes that offer up their plates of useless opinion when I am not 100% floating up there in false pretenses of perfection. I do not want to be false. I want to be a person. And I want to feel and I want to think, and no, not everything in life is something to be grateful for; and no, not everything in the world is something to be happy about. I am a person. My face can do a lot of things aside from smiling. My face can look peaceful, it can look thoughtful, it can look Divine. I can frown and sometimes my eyebrows are scrunched up in the middle; that's because I'm thinking! I am a person. A person that is so much more than what popular opinion expects is the definition of perfection. But I AM perfect. I am perfect the very way that I am. And I would never want to be only what popular thought would expect of me. I am so much more than that.”

“Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.”

“Make it a point to do something exciting. If not, your life will pass you by.”

“Materialism allows for a greater vision!”

“Sometimes only when opportunity stops banging to be let in do we notice its absence!”

“Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.”

“An egg's true value is only known when it is broken.”

“You don't win battles you walk away from.”

“Use your tears to water the garden of your dreams.”

“We must not bind our hearts to the things of the world, no matter how beautiful they are or how much pleasure they give us. Our hearts must soar in the heavens for us to be truly the humans we were meant to be.”



“خدایا! این مشت مسلمان بدبخت بیعرضه تنبل نادان خودخواه خوکرده به ذلت را بر دشمن لایق مقتدر مسلح بیدار منظم متحد مجهز به دانش و تکنیک به لطف و کرم و احسان خود، پیروز بگردان!..."
شریعتی، علی. پدر، مادر، ما متهمیم. تهران: شبدیز؛ 2536. صفحه 106”

“A good leader doesn’t have to know everything. Nobody knows everything that’s why you surround yourself with people who are experts in different areas.
“That’s what makes a good leader.”



“If you don’t have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?”

“Don't be afraid of failure, it's a path to success, don't be afraid of new beginnings, they are paths to the truth!!!”

“The best way to overcome your weaknesses is to turn them into strengths.”

“If movements were a spark every dancer would desire to light up in flames.”

“Stumbling towards greatness is better than sprinting towards mediocrity.”

“If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else.”

“Every time I see my competitor, Whenever I Look in the mirror”

“Problems are there to make you strong not to break you. In the problem see it as a training stage, learn from it, so you can avoid it next time.”

“An ambitious amateur will rise above a complacent master.”

“Scars are your greatest medals in life.”

“People would say - to break free, to soar, and sadly, to chop your wings too. The moment you listen to them, you voluntarily put yourself in a cage.
Be a free soul - fly or fall on your own terms.”

“Conquering hills today prepares you for conquering mountains tomorrow.”

“If being in the NOW doesn’t work, don’t worry as there is always another one tomorrow!”

“I'd rather have a purpose than a responsibility.”

“Life is a stage: perform your masterpiece.”

“If tough times seem to keep you down you might as well rest in peace."
Will Robins”

“Describing colors to a blind is what writing is all about.”


“You become what you think, not what others think of you.”

“Define yourself; you have the monopoly on your life’s dictionary.”

“Music does not need language of words for it has movements of dance to do its translation.”

“The world within you is of greater consequence than the world around you.”

“Dance resides within us all. Some find it when joy conquers sorrow, others express it through celebration of movements; and then there are those... whose existence is dance,”

“Major breakthroughs often come after major breakdowns.”

“Don't settle for a star when you can have the whole sky.”

“Limit not to only five, when the divine gifts the supreme sixth; the sense of dance”

“If spirit is the seed, dance is the water of its evolution.”

“When a dancer performs, melody transforms into a carriage, expressions turn into fuel and spirit experiences a journey to a world where passion attains fulfillment.”

“Dance less in motion and more in spirit; awaken the dreamer within.”

“Crowns belong to those that serve.”

“Sometimes the people who are the hardest to love are the ones who need it most.”



“The only way to move forward is to focus on the good in your life and the good that you are doing for others and yourself. My past has shown me things in life, others and myself that I wouldn't wish upon anyone, but I can choose to pick up the pieces and build a beautiful life for myself and help others to do the same.”


“Don't shun oppositions. They are there to position you well. Opposition is the great valley between great men and they that give up because of the arduous journey they may have to take through the valley. Don't shun oppositions; Position yourself with oppositions!”

“Let’s make the world brighter for that is all we need to be better!
If I am bright and you are bright then the world will be brighter
If I am dark and you are dark then the world will be darker
Let’s make the world brighter for brightness is all we need to be better!
Let’s make the world relevant for that is all we need to be relevant
If I am relevant and you are relevant then we shall all be relevant
If I am irrelevant and you are relevant then I will disturb your relevance
Let’s make the world relevant for that is the epitome of life!
Let’s make the world faithful for faithfulness is all we need to be faithful!
If I am faithful and you are faithful then the world will be faithful
If I am unfaithful and you are faithful then I will disturb your faithfulness
Let’s make the world faithful for faithfulness is the fountain of peace”

“Our decisions are influenced by our beliefs and this is why we say our reality is what we believe in.”


“Don't talk yourself out of it; take action.”

“Work hard until your idols become your rivals.”

“The wind at the top of the mountain is always the strongest, but if you do not give up, the journey down will always be easier.”

“Commitment precedes success. What you are committed to doing you will be successful at doing.”

“Make peace with your fears; after all, they are only imaginary friends.”

“If you keep fighting with yourself, you will always win.”

“Happiness is absolutely a feeling and a state of well-being, but the key to happiness is understanding that it is created through action.”


“Rise above your fears and you rise above your world.”

“Present tears water the gardens of future blessings.”

“The soul's joys are greater than the heart's pleasures.”

“Caring for your body, mind, and spirit is your greatest and grandest responsibility. It's about listening to the needs of your soul and then honoring them.”


“Quality of life does not depends up on the branded product that you use. It totally depends up on the quality of your thoughts and quality you maintain to express your thoughts”

“All that is gold does not glitter.
Not all those who wander are lost:
The old that is strong does not wither.
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.”

“There are times in my life where I find it impossible to work smarter, during these times... I work Harder!”

“Soul power supersedes mind power.”

“Love's key unlocks joy's door.”

“Great ideas create great possibilities.”

“Higher thoughts lead to a higher life.”

“I am not a believer of the law of attraction (though I do not deny the possibilities of it to be true), but I firmly believe in the ability of making choices, the ability to take conscious decisions.”


“To be real is to be who you are according to the purpose which God wants you to accomplish but not to be who people want you to be according to what they think you should be.”

“Shatter the limits in your mind and you shatter the limits in your life.”

“The potential within you is greater than the obstacles around you.”

“Your original self is worth more than your imitation of someone else.”

“When the melody plays, footsteps move, heart sings and spirit begin to dance.”

“Soar like an eagle beyond skies of heavens reach; as wings of dreams dance with winds of reality.”

“How can we win souls for Christ? We must continue to preach the gospel of salvation.”

“A strange fact of life is that usually people who are counted out somehow transform into the action figures doing the toughest of times that people can count on.”

“Great struggles make for great stories.”

“Confidence does not come out of coincidence.”

“There are no hard distinctions between what is real and what is unreal, nor between what is true and what is false. A thing is not necessarily either true or false; it can be both true and false."
I believe that these assertions still make sense and do still apply to the exploration of reality through art. So as a writer I stand by them but as a citizen I cannot. As a citizen I must ask: What is true? What is false?”

“In the cookies of motherhood, you're the chocolate chips.”



“Power is intoxicating! A leader drunk with power is often times unable to exercise sound decision-making.”

“Happiness is transmittable.”

“Everyone has a story to tell but only a few of those who are competent with a gift and drive to master it into a black and white masterpiece and those people are called ghost writers.”

“A search for knowledge is a search for the truth.”

“Quotes is just quotes, cannot change your world if you not do think in that quotes, so just go and do anything...”

“Taking a leap of faith is better than taking a leap of doubt.”

“The higher you rise, the smaller your enemies.”

“Battling wolves today strengthens you for battling lions tomorrow.”

“Adversity will always show up but it doesn't always have to come up.”

“Pat yourself on the back when you win.
And when you don't, just keep moving!
So long as you don't stop moving,
Soon you may realize just how close you are to winning!”

“Sometimes, the answer is right outside your door...so open it & see things in a new light”

“As I aspire, I inspire ... there's room for all of us!”

“Yo jamás sufro por el pasado, es como si miraras una película buena y sufrieras porque tu vida no es así.”


“one who gives himself/herself preeminently to the Word, neglecting prayer, will become heady and doctrinal-likely to quarrel about "points", and occupied with theoretical Christianity to the hurt of his soul and irritation of his brethren. On the other hand, one who gives himself/herself much prayer while neglecting the Word is likely to become introspective, mystical, and sometimes fanatical. But he/she who reads the Word of God reverently and humbling seeking to know the will of God, and then gives himself/herself to prayer, confessing and judging what the scriptures have condemned in his ways and words, and thoughts, will have his/her soul drawn out in worship also, and thus grow both in grace and in knowledge, becoming a well rounded follower of Christ. Apart from a knowledge of the Word, prayer will lack exceedingly in intelligence ; for the objective must never precede the subjective, and must not be divorced there from”

“Your time, energy and words.
Three things you can never get back once they've been exchanged. Choose wisely.”


“Elevate your mind and you elevate your world.”

“Holding onto your dreams is better than holding onto your nightmares.”

“Master the art of learning when it is time for you to let go of dead situations. Letting go doesn't always mean the end, sometimes it is the start of something beautiful.”


“If ever you find yourself in a situation where man cant help you, call on God.”

“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow”

“Some people make their lives, I make my paradise.”

“When you put on a new cloth with the same attitude, you are only changing the diet that goes into the same stomach!”

“Events that look unfortunate or challenging at the human level are actually taking us to higher levels in the evolution of our soul.”


“Your highest self is revealed in your lowest moments.”

“They think the recipe for a 'home-maker' is- a woman who isn't smart enough, lacks skills and above all isn't ambitious enough! Well she is every bit as smart as the woman who puts on a suit to go to work in a man's world to prove- times have changed! She is every bit as intelligent!”



“With time one ages, and with age one comes closer to their end. With time one builds a family, a house, a name and with age one learns to live without them.”


“As the sun knows; even the sky is not the limit...”

“When you really let people see you, Amelia–all of you, not just the snow-obsessed reporter–it’s impossible to look away.”


“Sometimes believing is a matter of deciding. Deciding who you’re going to trust and what you know about who you trust.”


“God promotes you based on your heart not based on your head. Your head might be right but if your heart is not right you will mess up the promotion. Men looks at the outward but God looks at the heart. From the heart flows the issues of life.”


“Always try to fix what is broken so that when the blessings come, you will be able to receive it. This generation does a lot of right things for wrong reasons.”


“Overcoming what frightens you the most strengthens you the most.”

“Never give up searching for the job that you are passionate about”


“When you rise in the morning – Rise firmly,
When you lie into sleep – Rest peacefully,
When you gather your thoughts – Think clearly
And when you set to act – Do right by any means necessary…”

“Time Peels, Time Heals...”

“I am not just wondering, God is ordering my footsteps and His words are lamp to my path.”


“Reading after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits”

“By lighting another’s candle you brighten your own.”

“The heart smiles when the soul shines.”

“Day by day, it may be difficult to see the changes being made in our lives, but when you truly see, everything is different and amazing. There is a deeper good in everything, even the pain and giving up the fear to live makes living so much more of a beautiful thing. So to those who have found the ability to see the light with all, embrace all that is within, and laugh without cause even through the darkest days, I say to you, 'Ain't life grand'!”

“Do not work at Walmart expecting to receive your salary from Microsoft.”


“when you become addict in to MATERIAL things in life then the TRUE natural life start to run away from you, YES! it's can give you certain pleasure in the society but in the same time it will sabotage your true HAPPINESS of life which we could have simply with GRATITUDE and FORGIVENESS”

“When your inner light shines your outer world glows.”

“An eagle does not crawl because it was born to fly.”

“In order to see the beauty before your eyes, you have got to believe in it.”

“Give importance to those people
who give importance to you.”

“Out of darkness shine the stars.”

“The way to make your dreams come true is to start believing in them.”

“To inspire is to teach life principles in the spirit of Love.”


“Pursuing your dreams is the best way of insulating yourself from your nightmares.”

“There are two things that prevent us from achieving our goals: believing them to be impossible or seeing those dreams made possible by some sudden turn of the wheels of fortune,when you least expected it.”


“When you rise in the morning – Rise firmly,
When you lie into sleep – Rest peacefully,
When you getter your thoughts – Think clearly
And when you set to act – Do right by any means necessary…”

“If you listen to music every day, you will be happy.”

“Today's tears sweep the road to tomorrow's blessings.”

“Conscious Parenting on Children's Happiness and matrix of influences: 'We live surrounded by an increasingly complex matrix of impulses allowing strangers of all sorts (TV, media, Internet) interfere in our children’s mental, emotional and spiritual development. Understanding this intricate network and how does the human brain interacts with it is increasingly becoming our door to happiness and health.”



“Today is not just another day nor is your tomorrow; this very moment is part of a great masterpiece to your life story.”

“We work in the best of our abilities.”

“In a maize field choose to be a flower. In a garden of daises choose to be a rose.”

“The beauty that is in you is greater than the ugliness that is around you.”

“Roses do not take beauty advice from weeds.”

“There are so many people whose minds do not belong to them. There are so many people whose thoughts have been purchased by people. There are so many people who have made people kings and queens of their thought. There are so many people who cannot sleep because of people. There are so many people whose lives are a small percentage of their own self and a greater percentage of others. When the offenses of people occupy your mind, your mind becomes the offenses of people instead of your own mind. To have your own mind and to be your own self, free your mind!”

“The greatest dreams are always considered unrealistic to those with no ambition”

“Never ever wish to be SUCCESSFUL like SOMEONE else. You don’t know their STORY. You don’t know their STRUGGLE. Behind that make-up, people hide their SCARS and injuries. Behind those expensive sunglasses, they hide their TEARS. And behind that positive outlook and attitude, they hide their FEARS. Be yourself. Write your own story.”

“Unleash the potential that is in another and you unleash the potential that is in you.”

“Temporary failure will not prevent you from achieving lasting success.”

“and i asked again.
Why did this disease choose me?
And someone told me.
it was because God loves you.”

“Why wastetime searching for answers when we'll never find them?Is there a God?Is there something else?It doesn't matter.You can choose to be a good person or you can choose to be a bad person,it's up to you.And you can spend all your life looking for answers to existential questions,but the only truth you'll ever find is that you've wasted your life.”

“Kindness takes energy. If I say yes to everything, I don’t have energy left to be kind.”


“Whenever my mind is muddied by fears, longings, and unsolved problems and my body poised to fight or flee, I try to picture that jar of pond water. As I 'quiet myself' my anxieties sink and clarity emerges: there is no place that God is not, no calamity to be faced without Jesus by my side, and nothing in all creation that can separate me from God’s love.”

“Successful people (or soon-to-be success people) never quit, never settle and are never satisfied”

“Believe is the first step of faith.”

“A divided mind cannot conquer a united soul.”

“Sense will buy you more than dollars.”

“i WILL reach success because i will not accept anything less”

“My ego is my employee – and I, the witness, am its employer.”

“I like strong people. The ones who have gone through immense pain and hardened like a clay pot. They feel pain, but they smile. They faced problems and emerged victorious. Maybe, they lack materialistic things, but they are the ones with 'peace of mind.' One thing I long, everyone longs.
I like strong people. The ones who have peace of mind. The ones who know not having things is OK.”

“Understanding the dynamics of a society is key to the future survival of a business.”

“Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.”

“One of life's coolest treasure is discovering your purpose.”

“God is gonna get ya”

“Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world”

“Your brightest light will take you to your greatest heights.”

“An ounce of wisdom can earn you a ton of gold.”

“If we knew all the answers, we won’t ask questions.”

“The limits you set in your mind are the limits you set in your life.”

“Your darkest fears are the veil between you and your brightest rewards.”

“Counting each day's blessings helps you overcome each week's troubles.”

“In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied”

“Photography is like exploring a new dimension, only I can go there but I can show you where I've been.”

“science feeds our perpetual curiousity and claims that nothing exists until 'proven'. Science cannot prove the existence or non-existence of the human soul any more than a thermometer can prove the colour red or King Henry the eight could discourse on electronics.”



“A man who withstands all stress given by his spouse and keeps mum on all major matters of his house, often stays long at the workplace because the training imparted by a wife comes handy in the service life to either endure the undue job pressure or release it on others to impress the boss.”

“Critics are loud, but success is louder.”

“أنت نفسك تعلم أن كل شي في هذه الدنيا تافه و ممل باستثناء أسمى ماهر العقل الأنساني . فالعقل يضع فاصلا حادا بين الحيوان و الأنسان ملمحاً الى ألوهية الأخير , و الى حد ما يعوضه عن الخلود الذي لا وجود له . وانطلاقاً من هذا يصبح العقل المصدر الوحيد المتاح للمتعة . أما نحن فلا نسمع و لا نرى من حولنا العقل . فاذن نحن محرومين من المتعة . صحيح أن لدينا كتبا , و لكن ذلك يختلف تماماً عن الحديث الحي و التخاطب . واذا سمحت لي أم ألجأ الى تشبيه غير موفق تماماً فان الكتب هي النوتة , أما الحديث فهو الغناء .”

“Pakistan is an Islamic country and the victim of an Easter terrorist attack. Groups like Isis or in this case the Taliban are not about religion. No more than the KKK is about Christianity. These groups are about hate! I did post on the Pakistani attack because it is really important to point out that brown and black people in the middle east and Africa are being killed. Terrorism isn't about Islam. It is about hate. SO let's fight this hate. Let's stand united with our Islamic brothers and sisters who are being slaughtered. Step back from judging a religion you are not exposed to. Understand that we need to work together. ALL faiths. That's how we defeat this”

“Small steps add up to complete big journeys.”

“Leaving ‘things’ up to chance is the lazy man’s mantra. The successful man takes action every day, until his purpose is fulfilled.”
—Daliah Husu—”


“A muddied diamond is better than an unsullied pebble.”

“The highest wisdom is sometimes found in the lowest people.”

“People who ask confidently get more than those who are hesitant and uncertain. When you've figured out what you want to ask for, do it with certainty, boldness and confidence. Don't be shy or feel intimidated by the experience. You may face some unexpected criticism, but be prepared for it with confidence.”

“We are in middle of a shift change in society. We can choose what kind of revolution this is to become. To me it is the Love Revolution. Politics of old giving way to peace and understanding. Standing as one against hate and intolerance. Reaching out to other communities to work together to help stop radicalization. Accepting others point of view. Encourage dialog and compromise. Helping those who are down on their luck. Embracing all cultures and races. Working together for a better world one random act of kindness at a time.
Who is with me! Stand up for what is right and speak out when something is wrong.”

“Know who you are and be who you are insofar as it is deem fit, for there is nothing so contemptuous to be who you are!”

“Jesus isn't one of many; he's the one and only.”

“A bird that fears falling off of a tree branch is ignorant of its gifts.”

“A drop of faith can create a hailstorm of success.”

“Today’s amateurs are tomorrow’s champions.”

“Everyone dreams but not everyone does.”

“You can accomplish virtually anything if you want it badly enough and if you are willing to work long enough and hard enough”

“Ego speaks from a place of pride.
Judgement comes from a place of pain.
Courage speaks from a place of humility.
Correction comes from a place of love.
Where are you operating from?”

“Light poured out multiplies light poured in.”

“Your star is not dead, it is just hidden under the Tuck of the dark clouds and it is there to stay it isn't going anywhere, be in hot pursuit of excellence and success will chase you pants down”

“Intelligent people used to fascinate me when I was young. Now, I admire only kind people.”

“Live today, care about tomorrow. and if it is a must worry, then worry less for it is the only way to get and live the uncertainty of the future.”

“Some days you just get lucky… Other days you wait patiently for luck to happen”

“Before judging anyone, judge yourself.”

“Failing over and over again is how you learn to succeed over and over again.”

“La vida es una larga caída ,Marcus. Lo mas importante es saber caer”

“God gives me all the willingness I need today to sit quietly and listen.
from Time for Joy”



“Breath is your link to life; the direct connection to your spirit.”


“There's nothing greater than having a heart filled with love...& eyes filled with light:-)”

“Our greatest opportunities are to let go and surrender to that which is greater than our egoistic needs and desires.”


“As with all things in the physical plane, nothing is permanent, and the only thing we can truly count on is change. Things come and go, people are born and die and move in and out of our lives. The dreams and goals of today will one day either materialize or evolve into something different with time. If we become rigidly attached to any of this, we set ourselves up for the inevitable suffering that will ensue when the thing, person or idea flows out of our lives, or our desire for it shifts.”


“It is key to remember we can maintain a genuine enthusiasm and love for what IS, in the PRESENT moment, enjoy it with gratitude for all of the blessings in our lives.”


“Whether you’re at the peak or the valley of any given wave, remember that this too shall pass.”


“When we return continually to the present moment and our centered awareness within it, we remember we are eternally connected to the Supreme Source that lives within us.”


“We will attract potential partners who reflect back to us what we need to heal, balance and strengthen in ourselves- until we become whole. At that point, we can attract our twin flame or soul mate and enjoy a peaceful co- creative partnership that benefits all of mankind.”


“Know, in every moment, that you have attracted this situation into your life experience so you can grow and learn the lessons necessary to get to the next level.”


“All art requires is courage and the commitment to eat lots of biscuits. D Ellis / 2016”

“Turn down mediocrity in all its forms!”

“Хората се страхуват от бъдещето, живеейки в миналото!”

“In a world resistant to change, we have to take matters into our own hands. Modern society and culture fails to support our healing by literally encouraging us to sustain our addictions.”


“Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings ans let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; Only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!”

“You left yesterday hoping to see tomorrow and you shall surely see today so far us you have life. Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings and let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!”

“You’re not good or bad
You’re just on your way at your own speed”

“Life demands flow… Like a water, if you stop here you will be nothing for anyone.”

“Mistakes are lessons inside out.”

“To achieve extraordinary dreams you sometimes have to go through extraordinary nightmares.”

“By justifying our harmful negative habits, we live in delusion. We are lying to ourselves. And worse yet, we waste the precious opportunity of living our truth.”


“The path to wholeness starts by loving yourself. It always starts there. If you love yourself, you will do whatever it takes to restore your health and happiness.”


“Feet on the ground, head in the clouds. That's how giants walk.”

“Every moment is an opportunity to become more enlightened, more open and expanded. Continually choose that path and you will be free.”


“When Life throws you down, stand back up once again.”


“When life throws you down, have the courage to stand back up and dust yourself off.”

“Love does not chose its victims discriminately.”


“A heart that yearns for romantic love cannot be quenched by any other passion, position or property.”

“The great thing about falling apart, is that you get to decide how to put yourself back together. Make good choices.”



“See yourself as the perfect creation that you are, but at the same time, recognize with sincere honesty, the areas of your life that are out of balance and get to work to improve and grow.”


“When we carry the thoughts of negativity and self-criticism, we inspire just what we don’t want: poor health and an unattractive physical body.”


“It seems like such an amazing predicament to me, how one does not become a better person by seeking out in the world those who are lesser than himself and then saying, "I will be better than you because you're not as good as me." You don't become better by looking at others and trying to be better than them. You become a better person by looking at yourself in the mirror, and, seeking to overcome and to overthrow all the flaws within yourself, you overcome the weaker you, the lesser you; you become the better You, the stronger You, the higher You. That's how it goes.”

“Remember that light becomes evident in darkness. We do not create light by avoiding those who are captives of darkness; but we become light by illuminating the night. Remember that always.”

“Thoughts are one of the most creative powers we have as human beings. If you hold the mantra in your mind that you are continually becoming more healthful and radiant, that is what you will become.”


“Blaming others for your mistakes you powerless to change your life. Taking responsibility for your mistakes gives you power to change your life.”

“Silence is the sound of our soul”

“Polarity exists so that we may discover the truth beyond this world of duality, which is the ultimate purpose of life.”


“We are born into this precious human existence to achieve the uni cation of opposites and become enlightened, or liberated, from the illusion of separation.”


“Take Care of Yourself First- It’s Easier to Serve Others That Way.”


“Breathe Through the Pain, It Always Gets Easier with Time.”


“Be Generous with your Kindness, Compassion & Forgiveness.”


“Be Grateful- Your Life is a Miracle.”


“The physical concerns and misalignment we experience in the spinal vertebrae of our body are often directly correlated with the spiritual energetic ability to flow freely as well.”


“What is truth" I was asked. "Truth is neither good nor bad. Neither evil nor pure. It just is." That's what I told her. Because through our convictions of good and bad, of evil and pure, we taint the truth with our own filters and our own desires. Truth is no respecter of what that man over there thinks is good or of what that woman over there thinks is evil. Truth remains as Truth, regardless of what you think about it.”

“The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will live forever in people’s hearts.”

“Your body is a physical representation of the cumulative effect of all the experiences you’ve had throughout your life.”


“When you release a trauma on one level of your energetic being, you will experience relief on all other levels simultaneously.”


“When we are open, strong and fluid in our body, we are experiencing the best that life has to offer with very little limitation or constraints.”


“In every moment we are faced with choices that will serve our highest intentions, or gratify our unconscious desires.”


“There is no pain and there are no sorrows. They no longer have permission to live in my today or my tomorrow.”


“The yoga asana practice was developed to get the body in the best physical condition possible, so that the yoga practitioner would be able to sit for many hours comfortably in meditation. In order to reach the higher spiritual vibrations we must be as strong, flexible and open as possible.”


“If we are not living IN our bodies, honoring them as our TEMPLE, we are closing off the divine channels (nadis) of energy that run through us. Additionally, when we are not in good physical shape, we limit our enjoyment of our life experience. Thus, yoga is spiritual and physical.”


“When you grasp the yogic principles and philosophies, you can apply them to any activity you are doing. Then every thing you do is spiritually enhancing your life. And this leads to the ultimate experience where everything you do is YOGA. It is all Union, unifying you with the Supreme Source.”


“When you are mindful of Spirit and connecting to the breath with an open heart, that is yoga.”


“The asana practice is extremely powerful and unique in design. In addition to improved flexibility, circulation, muscular strength and increased energy, and detoxification of the organs, each pose unblocks life force energy (prana) pathways in your body, reprograms your cellular DNA and connects us to our spiritual origin.”


“Please don’t worry that yoga will contradict your religious belief systems, as Pranashama Yoga embraces all religions and beliefs systems. I believe we are all One and that Love is the highest truth. Love is my Religion.”


“Please maintain an open mind while exploring the depth and wealth of wisdom that is available through the practice of yoga. You may soon come to see the Union of all religions and philosophies if you maintain an open mind and heart.”


“Feel whatever arises fully, and then let go of any identification with what you’re feeling. You are at choice. You don’t have to go through another moment of suffering. Break free from the societal constructs that say, 'Life is meant to be a challenge.' This is not true. You have the capacity to become the observer of your emotional reactions and check in with your heart each time, to respond from love and compassion. This is the key to becoming liberated from the bonds of emotional suffering.”


“Be the energy you want others to absorb.”

“Transform into your dream.”

“Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.”

“It is in the quiet that you gain perspective when you have to deal with the loud.”

“Every day, live in a way that honors who you are.”

“Greatness is achieved through kindness, compassion, and love.”

“What we think, we become”

“A flawed rose is better than a flawless dandy lion.”

“Loving others is easy, but loving yourself is the true test of real love.”

“Find the time everyday, to express what is in your heart. Life affirming choices that lift you up. Everyday,allow your your soul to express its joy at the gift of life. Create, laugh, dance, play, spend time in nature, connect with the Divine, whatever it is, take even a small amount of time to do the things your soul longs to do.”

“The essential lesson I've learned in life is to just be yourself. Treasure the magnificent being that you are and recognize first and foremost you're not here as a human being only. You're a spiritual being having a human experience.”

“Ideile vin și plecă-poveștile rămân”

“Love is liberating. It opens up a world of possibilities rather than restrictions. It allows us to willingly surrender our egos and replaces them with humility. Love rids us of fear and allows us to dream.”



“Pessoas orgulhosas criam grandes tristezas para si mesmas”

“Writing is like painting with words, the paper is the canvas, the pen is the brush, the words are the colors and the verbs, nouns and adjectives are the blending of the hues that add depth to the picture you are creating.
-Reed Abbitt Moore-”


“The results you deserve depend on your will to make your success happen."
-Steven Cuoco”


“When facts give way to faith, then and only then have you unlocked the possibilities within!”

“The harder the battle; The Greater the Blessing”

“Be Yourself cuz its necessary”

“Don't just write a strong female protagonist. Be one.”

“When is now.”

“Whatever you do, let it be lovely.”

“Love is alive when there's music in your heart.”

“Love is enough.”

“When facts give way to faith, then and only then have you unlock the possibilities within!”

“Apa yang kita lakukan setiap hari, menciptakan takdir untuk masa depan kita.”

“They that see how they can rise beyond the horizon never exert their total energy on things that are breathtaking on the ground! They think, they act and they see what we all see differently. Though their bodies live on the ground, their mind, spirit and energy journey purposefully towards higher heights each moment of time. They understand doing the small things that can result in great things and they reason from the ignorance, absurdity and the heralds of ordinariness of the masses. They know and understand the real reasons why they must dare, relax and ponder in patience, and also take steps with fortitude and tenacity for a noble accomplishment so as to leave great, distinctive and indelible footprints regardless of the hurdles they might face.”

“Fifty years from now, I will not be remembered for how much money I earned, the type of home I lived in or the car I drove, but on whether I made a difference to someone's life.”

“We are each the protagonist of our life story.”

“The action of a soulful person covertly makes many people brave and bold without the need for them to be advised or told.”

“Something ought to be said for those who see beyond what most cannot, and this most precious opportunity happens the moment when ones personal value begins blossoming its perfect absolute."
-Steven Cuoco”



“If you can think about it, you can achieve it. The difference between your thought and achievement are your self-doubt, and fear of failure. The longer you will take to start, the longer you will take to reach your destination. Seeds of everything that we see around were first sown in the mind.”

“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”


“The cure for anything is salt water - sweat, tears, or the sea.”

“Love's core purpose is to always inspire us to become more wholesomely ourselves because of love's experience.”


“Try - now's gift.”


“The entire life we have has it's real meaning in giving! He who least knows the real value of giving that can leave a distinctive footprint least knows what the essence of life is about”

“The greatest lesson we should learn is that from the moment we are born we already have everything we need within ourselves.”

“When people leave you, identify why they left and think about what is left”

“You are the sum of what you believe. Your capabilities are limitless when you allow yourself to be so.”


“Our daily gratitude shapes our everyday attitude.”

“A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.”

“Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.”

“Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.”

“Every time you read a book, a tree smiles knowing that there's life after death.”

“To shine always love always.”

“Hope is the light that flickers and burns eternally, when you remain steadfast with faith.”


“In order to change the world, you must first change yourself. In order to have the right to see what is wrong with the world, you must first earn that right through seeing what is wrong with yourself. We do not become influencers, leaders and teachers, through pulling on our better attributes and applying those better attributes to a broken world like a healing balm; rather, we become influencers, leaders and teachers in this world, by performing within ourselves the purging that we wish to see take place in others.”

“Change your thoughts, change your world.”

“If you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without every having noticed it.”

“You are the reason of your own good-luck and bad-luck; success and failure; happiness and pain. Your choices are responsible for your present. Don’t blame someone else for your sufferings or failures.”

“I fell in love with you in a hurry, like you were going somewhere fast - which you did. You came and went like an earthquake, like some sort of eclipse. I've spent hours, days, months, years missing you. But then something strange happened, and now I can't remember why I ever loved you at all. You didn't deserve it. I should have loved me more.”

“Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.”


“The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.”


“Your past must die for your future to live.”

“Some days you get the bear, some days the bear gets you, and some days you cannot even find the woods.”


“You are all the happiness you ever need”.”

“Being yourself is so much easier than pretending to be someone else.”

“Tell the negative committee that meets inside your head that they have nothing to say you haven't heard before and it's about time they disbanded until they have something positive to say.”

“Stop waiting for someone else to run your life. Get into the driver's seat and choose your destination.”

“The fact that you can't see how much you're worth makes you worth so much more." She opened her mouth once, her brow bunched, but nothing came out. She didn't know the words to ask. I continued. "A diamond doesn't know how much it's worth; it's just beautiful because it exists.”



“I wish that people realized how this felt every day. Why does it take a life ending to learn how to cherish each day? Why must we wait until we run out of time to start to accomplish all that we dreamed, when once we had all the time in the world? Why don’t we look at the person we love the most like it’s the last time we will ever see them? Because if we did, life would be so vibrant. Life would be so truly and completely lived.”


“Today’s caterpillars are tomorrow’s butterflies.”

“Life is INCONCLUSIVE but its about an everlasting FUTURE”


“Our lives are a flicker of light in the shadowy darkness of eternity. Disease, famine, war, death, sorrow... Life is a cycle of pain, perhaps the one thing we should do with our short lives is to try to leave the world a better place than we entered it?’"
~Vexis Zaelwarsh - Low Priestess to Avanti
-Deathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage”

“Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!”

“with my last Breathe,i will hope,for i know my hope is placed in the right place.”

“Beautiful rainbows are formed in ugly storms.”

“Small caterpillars still become big butterflies.”

“Excuses; the great chains that entangle purposeful life to the pillar of unpurposeful living”

“To Be who you want to Be - Don't Wonder... Just Surrender! -RVM”

“It takes true courage and real humility to say NO or YES!”

“for me, to say that I am yet to begin gives me the real reason not to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do”

“Even at 80, I shall say that I am yet to start, Yes! I shall say that I am yet to start, for that shall give me the real reason never ever to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see the marvelous things I shall be able to do and the distinctive footprints I shall be able live and leave with the very seconds that shall be ahead of me! Life must never be over until all is over!”

“Keeping or holding on to a concept shows belief but building or adding to it shows confidence and depth of character.”


“If God is so big He holds the world in His hands, but He also lives in our hearts . . . shouldn't He show through?"
- Anonymous wisdom from a child”

“for me, to say I yet to begin gives me reasons not to look back and see what I have done but ,to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do”

“Life isn't always what you expect it to be. Sometimes it hands you lemons and other times sugary sweets. But there are no shortcuts to your dreams. So if one way doesn't lead you to your goal. Find another one.”

“People will envy you, cut you down, tell lies and despise you, all the while they're watching you.
Let them watch you rise above and succeed. Let go of the negativity and the ill minded. Some people are so blinded.”


“Perform the act of writing as often as possible.”

“What you conquer within you conquer without.”

“Warriors achieve more than worriers.”

“Behind your greatest fears lie your greatest rewards.”

“Loud critics are silenced by loud success.”

“LELELELELELELELELELELELELELELELEL”

“Your life is a show and you're the star so don't let anyone walk on set and treat you like an extra.”

“20 years ago, being called as STORY-TELLER was a TAUNT. Being a good story-teller was equated to ACTORS, DRAMAS, and LIARS etc. But now, being a story-teller is a COMPLEMENT. If you are a good story-teller than you are a good LEADER, you are a good MOTIVATOR and you are a good EDUCATOR. Time has changed.”

“Jesus Christ has already come to suffer in the hands of men and He shall least entertain anyone who will disturb Him in eternal eternity in the Kingdom of God! If you want to join Him, ponder!”

“There shall always be a day and a night until the world meets its ebb and we shall always hope to sleep and wake up to see another day! Such is called life! So many people have life, but, few people are living. We shall continue to exist from dawn to dusk having life and living or just having life!”

“First and foremost: a human being. If your definition of yourself is something else; maybe you should reconsider.”

“There must be something I am doing that will make sense to somebody some day.”

“Always let your talent and tenacity do the talking. Never your tantrums or sense of self righteousness or entitlement. For it is your talent and tenacity that will carve out, shape and seal your possibilities and destiny.”

“Your darkest experiences often lead you to your brightest fortunes.”

“At some point in life if you get to a cross road and don't know where to go better figure it out sooner than later, which turn to take.”

“Train the mind, body and spirit, so you may achieve anything. Life is about sharing your dreams/purpose (gifts/passions/talents) with the world and helping others find their way.”

“Suppose that we could close our eyes today and see the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow, we would have never wished to open our eyes again for the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow never ends!”

“Life is Like a Program, You need to rectify your problems on your Own”

“Love only knows your heart, not your fucking address”



“It's time we put the bud back in Buddha and the sap back in Homo sapiens, and end this age of folly - this folly-age!”


“Passion to a person is what gas is to a car. Without it, you won't go anywhere!”


“Solitude – the space between thinking” from Cinderella In Focus.”

“Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life.”

“Peace’s gravitational force – a force of possibility!” from Cinderella In Focus”

“ART happens every time we live in the spirit of the moment’s greatness" from Cinderella in Focus”


“Change requires one to start now here or nowhere. Both places require one to pass through the same starting point – today, right now” from Cinderella In Focus”

“It's not how you start, it's how you finish.”


“A peaceful feeling: A happy harmony or symphony of all of our character pieces working in powerful unison” from Cinderella In Focus”


“The Hot Air Balloon Charm
Life Can Be Filled with Adventure If You Let Yourself Soar”


“The Dragonfly Charm
Embrace The Magic of Nature & Life Will Be Filled with Good Fortune”


“The Sewing Machine Charm
To A Life Bound by Family, The Thread That Ties Us All Together”


“The Puzzle Piece Charm
To A Life Filled with Friends Who Complete You”


“The Loon Charm
To A Life Filled with A Love Whose Voice Always Calls You Home”


“In order to be creative rules cannot exist. The creative mind deserves no less.”


“The Mustard Seed Charm
With Faith As Small As A Mustard Seed, Then You Can Move Mountains: Nothing Will Be Impossible”


“Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!”

“Success is an inner energy only winners can release it.”

“The past is perception. The future is unknown. The only truth is the present.”


“I am asked what strength is. Strength is the ability to not do to others only the things that were done to you. It is said, that you should “do unto others as you would have them do unto you”, but strength takes that even further and says, “I can give more than what I received in life, I can be more than those who gave me little, I can do more for others than what was done for me.” Strength, though well aware of the pain that is aroused by drawing from a well that is not naturally replenished by others, continues to replenish that well so that it may draw from those beautiful innate waters, so that it may give to others even those things that were not given unto it.”

“Walking under Dusk, Moonlit leaf shadows were cast on my skin from the trees above, every step I took was taking a step deeper into magic. Silent whispers of mystical mouthes pulling me in deeper. Then the lights from inside the house turned on. A few seconds later, the fence lights went on. Just like that, the leafy ghosts on my skin ran away and the faery voices ran home. It seems like the creations of man kill magic in so many ways— even the light bulb does this! Oh to be a race of people designing magical things, if someone could capture pieces of Moonlight and place it in a jar; or other things like that, then we could stop killing the magic and be filled with it instead. Or maybe we are already always filled with it. It's the bringing out that we have trouble with. Stop being a doorknob, darling! Be magical, instead!”

“You do not give your precious body to the billy clubs of Birmingham sheriffs, nor to the insidious activity of the streets.”


“Sometimes, the most graceful way to handle something is to be decidedly ungraceful.”



“Be still in peace and reach your highest peak.”

“Her words are her wings. She's flying.”

“Be a star in someone's dark sky.”

“One day, your light will silence the darkness, and you will be surrounded by the beauty within.”

“A loving heart, determination, faith, courage, trust, belief, truth, and a solid soul create the wings with which we fly.”

“Drizzle happiness wherever you go.”

“There are times in life when we’re called to forget who we thought we were in order to become who we really are.”

“You need to get out of the nest if you ever want to fly.”

“Every day you should wake up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“Beauty is a heart with wings.”

“Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a lifetime.”

“Happiness is individualized. Don't box it in. Let it fly.”

“Be one with yourself and revel in eternal bliss.”

“You may not be the best, but you should not remain in the rest.”

“You need to get out of your nest in order to fly.”

“Believe so brightly that everyone sees the beauty in believing.”

“Life is magic.”

“Everything we experience in life is designed to shape our characters.”


“Most people with new ideas are ridiculed … until they succeed!”

“Release your past into the universe and embrace your future with opened arms.”


“The best writing speaks when the heart whispers.”

“Film gives us a second chance at a first impression.”

“Every day is not a day to master but an adventure to experience.”

“Kind words change the world.”

“We all have the right to take possession of our own mind and direct it towards all we desire”

“I don't need your money, I don't need your belonging, all I need from you is to make me feel that I'm valuable and significant to the world!”

“When I walk through a forest I feel tremendous: tree-mend-us!”


“Every day you should up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“Life Is Full of Obstacles, Stumble Upon !!”

“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”



“Only remember that cities, too, are like human beings. They are not made of stones and wood, solely. They are of flesh and bone. They bleed when they are hurt.
Every unlawful construction is a nail hammered into the heart of the Instambul. Remember to pity a wounded city the way you pity a wounded person".”


“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”


“It is a new day for a new thought, new identity, new ideas, new steps and new breathe! We may choose to repeat the mistakes of yesterday or think of the lessons from the mistakes of yesterday. We may choose dwell on the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday or think of what we can do with the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday today! We may choose to continue or discontinue the steps we took yesterday today. Life is here today and we must think of what we can do today for today was the vision of yesterday and the true foundation of tomorrow!”

“Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. Robert Frost”


“Focus is a mental commitment to winning against all odds. Focus is beyond putting things together in order to reach a goal. Focus is longing for the goal; it is conditioning self to connect with the forces needed to achieve said goal. Focus is beyond toiling day and night, it is the mind's eye seeing only the harvests of the future and oblivious of the challenges of the present.”

“You cannot move forward in your life if you do not allow yourself to move.”


“Saudariku Apa Yang Menghalangimu Berhijab?”

“When friendship has no trust in it it like a thin tread able to break anytime”

“The hardest thing to do at times is to put our problems in the right perspective. Every problem may not exactly be a bad problem; some problems are solutions to bigger problems. Like solving a puzzle-it is advised we don't get used to guessing; if you don't have a clue, just ask for help and move up the next level.”

“Managing a goal is the best way to guarantee reaching it.”

“Do not live because of the fear of death. Live because of the fear of the death of the real reason why you live. Death is no respecter of persons. Death can come when we have not even given him our attention. Death doesn't mind that you are in tension and even when you in the mid of doing something at his arrival, you shall go with nothing. The most important thing to death is to take you at a sudden. Mind your time then! Mind your true purpose! And mind the real reasons why you wake up each day and retire when the sun sets! Life is once, live it well!”

“Gratitude makes the world a softer, kinder place. It softens that brittle shell of defence. There is always something to be grateful for, no matter how small or simple.”

“You will never reach a place you're not willing to "work to". Life has a way of punishing us when we refuse to work.”

“The Word of God is my life's manual.”

“As a growing up kid and a teenager, I have always been told that elder and OLDER PEOPLE KNOW EVERYTHING and they are ALWAYS RIGHT. I have also been told that the OLDER YOU GROW THE WISER YOU BECOME. Later on, I realized those were WRONG LESSONS. Those were misconceptions. AGE IS NEITHER A PROOF OF ACCURACY NOR A PROOF OF WISDOM OR INTELLIGENCE. Yes, the older you grow the reluctant you become to accept your mistakes and errors.”

“Change is often overrated: at times, all you need to change is how you change what you change in your life.”

“I am Woman, Phenomenally, Phenomenal Woman, that's me.”

“They that pursue their dreams unrelentingly with tenacity and the right attitude never continue to live with dreams forever. They live their dreams and realize their aspirations.”

“You cannot reach the stars feet on the ground.”

“Forgiveness has to be repeated, the bible says seventy times seven.”

“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”


“Your life is a total package and it can't be treated otherwise. You must acknowledge and appreciate the things and events in your life that cannot change no matter what you do-your past, your race, your mistakes, your personality, your ancestral profile for example. Like a house built in gold; the foundation is the first to be built, yet if the gold house is on fire it will be the last to burn. They represent the foundations on which your strengths are recognized and sharpened and your weaknesses exposed and corrected.”

“When Life teaches you a lesson, write it down and use it ASAP. Many destinies have failed because of lack of attention to important details.”

“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.”


“No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.”


“If only you can add just one great and distinctive thing to your life each day, you shall surely not just live and leave one great thing!”

“Sometimes the wisest choice is to avoid reading between the lines even though the message is clear.”

“There lived a poet in the lands of gold,
Wrote along poems unaffected by warmth or cold,
His words spoke truth and pen's stroke was bold,
His only motive: lives to mould”


“Your Presentation is Your Capability.”

“I'm more interested in lookin' forward than back. The past is done and there's no changin' it.”



“Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.”

“Ignite the fire of motivation by finding your spark of desire.”

“If each memory that drifted up were a star, I was standing at the center of a galaxy. Beneath vast constellations of lost smiles and quiet laughter. Whole, endless days of gray and brown and black that we’d spent with only each other to hold on to.”


“Maybe, now and then, we have to give up a portion of our kingdoms--the things we hold dearest--to find what it is God wants for us.”


“Often we suffer because we don’t realize what’s essential.
We may want to be rich, but the rich are lonely.
We see all those people on TV that have won the lottery and want to be at their place, but studies show that they are even more miserable after having won the big check. They don’t really know what to do with all that money, take poor decisions on how to spend them, change themselves and their friends don’t see them in the same way.”


“seseorang akan hancur bukan karena tak memiliki harta ataupun cinta, tapi karena tak memiliki semangat”

“You don't have to be apologetic for your God given gift because people feel threaned or throttled by it. Your duty is to keep doing what you were born to do.”

“Kids want to be grown ups, adults want to be young and careless again.
Single people desperately want a relationship, but those who are in one still complain almost all the time and wish for freedom.
The poor want money, the rich want more of it.
This means that changing your situation doesn’t prevent you from suffering, doesn’t make your desires go away.
So you need to change something on the inside.”


“No person that has ever felt the benefits of being present can consider himself a victim, or unhappy in any way.”


“Every place you don’t want to be at feels like a prison. And we have so many desires, expectations and go back to the past and think about the future so often, that I can safely say that we live in such a prison all the time.
So each time you wish you were somewhere else right now is another solid wall you build and thus make this imaginary building even stronger.”


“Your life looks like a prison because you focus on the things you wish you had and thus don’t appreciate what you already have.
So why don’t you try to see the abundance in your life? Because, if you haven’t noticed, you’ve got many things to thank for. Just look around.”


“Trust is the foundation of all relationships. Never break anyone's trust unless you're willing to lose the relationship.”

“A hero is not a hero because of their courage, but because of the courage they give to others.”


“If you want to so something you've never done before, you will have to believe something you've never believed before.”


“What is not yours will never last forever but what comes from the inside will flow like a river and it will bear fruits.”

“Naomi knew she should pray... Instead, she put her face in her hands and wept with all the force of a bursting dam.”


“It's been much harder to forgive myself. My mistake was like a pebble dropped in a pond. The ripple effect has impacted everyone I love.”


“I’ve noticed that most of us don’t realize how important this moment is. They take it for granted, know it’s brief and think that it can’t change anything. But I think it can change it all.”


“The words you speak reveal the heart you have.”

“Never underestimate the value of good friends.”

“No ideals. No illusions. Just reality - but more perfect than you’ve ever imagined. That’s what being mindful and living in the present means.”


“Simply just BE GRATEFUL what you have today, there is millions who'are crying for the place where you are today”

“Life is a series of such moments. And making each one matter means you’re living your life to the fullest.”


“Motivation begins with the spark of desire stoked by continual positive reinforcement.”

“Everything real is in the present moment. Only here can we find happiness and harmony, feel alive and do something that will change our future. Only here can we be with the people we love, enjoy the things we like and see beautiful places.”


“Starting a business with brother either ends business or ends brotherhood.”

“The robin in your tender heart
Hungers for the red berry
That titillates your tongue.
She carols as the snow falls—
And not with the chorus of the dawn
In radiant spring.
What might have been?
Your voice silenced,
The spirit of you
Destroyed,
I see glimpses of your fire
From the light that has vanished
From your eyes.
Your wings soar,
Only not to follow
Your heart.
Whatever the passion,
Let it burn.
It will save you.”


“Patience is something I can’t wait to have!”

“The real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow are hidden to all. We however hope for a tomorrow to do what we have to do tomorrow because we think we shall surely have a tomorrow. Worry therefore not about tomorrow and understand instead that once there shall be a tomorrow, there shall be a good tomorrow. If there shall be a good tomorrow, then there shall be a good tomorrow for you. Stay positive!”

“Standing up? Do not wait, go ahead.Hungry? Do not complain, bake bread.Pessimist? Do not nag, you are not dead. Shy? Do not live in a shed.Bored? World has many unread books.”

“PROBLEMS are not meant to highlight your WEAKNESSES but to help you IDENTIFY your dormant STRENGTHS or potential. PROBLEMS are not meant to WRECK YOUR JOURNEY but to help you EXPLORE NEW ROUTES. Whenever you face a PROBLEM, congratulate yourself, BECAUSE YOU ARE ABOUT TO FIND A NEW STRENGTH OR A NEW WAY.”

“All of us are BORN WITH A GIFT. This gift has been nicely packed. It is very close to us. It is within us. However, from the day of our birth, we have allowed external factors to take charge of us. WE DO WHATEVER WE ARE TOLD TO DO. WE FOLLOW WHATEVER WE HAVE BEEN ASKED TO FOLLOW. No one knows WHY WE ARE DOING what we are doing or WHY WE ARE FOLLOWING. We are just following. In the process, we FORGET ABOUT OUR GIFT. Many of us DON'T even OPEN THIS GIFT. Some of us managed to open it but they DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH IT. Few of us open the gift-pack, learn how to use it and make maximum use of it. They find the meaning of life. They find the purpose of their life. They become INVENTORS, EXPLORERS, CREATORS, and PIONEERS. Find your gift. Open it. Learn to use it. And make the best use of it before it is too late. STOP COMPLAINING. Each one of us has the potential to be WHATEVER WE WANT TO BE.”

“These women are, quite simply, alive; they know that the source of true values is not in external things but in human hearts. This gives its charm to the world they live in: they banish ennui by the simple fact of their presence, with their dreams, their desires, their pleasures, their emotions, their ingenuities. The sanseverina, that 'active soul' dreads ennui more than death. To stagnate in ennui 'is to keep from dying, she said, not to live'; she is ' always impassioned over something, always in action and gay too '. Thoughtless, childish or profound, gay or grave, daring or secretive, they all reject the heavy sleep in which humanity is mired. And these women who have been able to maintain their liberty- empty as it has been- will rise through passion to heroism once they find an objective worthy of them; their spiritual power, their energy, suggest the fierce purity of total dedication”

“There’s No Denying It. It’s a great feeling when others believe in you. But today, I want to encourage you to believe in yourself, no matter what! Always believe in yourself, wholeheartedly. No matter what people may say or think, if YOU believe in your capabilities to do something, DO IT. Allow your passion to motivate you every step of your journey. Allow your passion to give you strength when doubt tries to set in. Stay true to yourself and do it how YOU see it! And remember: It’s okay to be different! Be uniquely YOU.”

“Life is a dark stage on which you were born to shine.”

“قد نلتقي غدًا و قصص جديدة قد بدأت, و أُخرى تنتظر دورها للإنطلاق, و قد نلتقي غدًا عندما تشيخ قصتنا و ربما تكون قد ماتت, لكن لقاءنا ضرورة... فإكرام القصص الميتة إعادة اللقاء بأبطالها...”

“Nicht der Weg war das Ziel. Das Ziel hatte einen Weg, und den musste man irgendwann einschlagen.”

“When i look to my past i'm not believe in god but for future god is hope.”

“Dealing with pain for surviving on this thirsty concrete”

“Why should i expect yes cos everything i get no”

“IT will find you, if you are hell-bent on finding IT....Success or Failure?”

“فما كفاهم مجدا أنهم نبتة ربانية جذورها في الأزل وفروعها في الأبد حتى راحوا يزينوها بتعاويذ يعلقونها على أغصانها ومساحيق يذرونها على أوراقها”



“A single 10-minute presentation has the power to convert your idea into reality.”

“انا اعترض, انا غير موجود”

“My brain has been sparked,to change the world; you must drown it with love, but never starve it with hate.”

“Man created languages, but God created laughter. Humanity can always laugh together even if it can't always speak together.”

“to live and leave indelible footprints, think of the rocks”

“If you ever wanted to know how good life could be; start living it without the views and opinions of the world!”

“Our TODAY is a combination of our thoughts and choices we made YESTERDAY. Whether it is GREAT, GOOD, BAD or UGLY, no one else but WE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OUR TODAY. And we will be responsible for our TOMORROW. Life becomes so simple when we ACCEPT OUR PAST and take RESPONSIBILITY for our DECISIONS and CHOICES. You cannot change your past but TODAY you can make a FRESH BEGINNING.”

“Life is never all brutal or all beautiful.
It's both, all the time
LIFE IS BRUTIFUL”

“Happiness is a shadow. If you chase it, it moves further away. But if you turn to make others happy, it will follow you. Make others Happy and be Happy.-RVM”

“LIFE becomes so BEAUTIFUL and peaceful when we stop COMPLAINING and BLAMING. Our today is nothing but an outcome of CHOICES we made yesterday.”

“صمتت, إبتسمت, و بعدها إلتفتت إليه... رفضت أن تخرج من صومعة الكبرياء التي دخلتها بحكم عسكري إجباري لا مفر منه, فهي إرتكبت العديد من الحماقات التي تسعفها للدخول إلى الحبس الإنفرادي مدى الحياة.. و إن حاولت أن تهرب فستُعدم! رميًا بالذكريات!”

“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”


“Your deepest valleys lead you to your highest mountaintops.”

“Nothing sweeter than what gives us joy. But what if such joy actually is capable of bringing us down?”

“To ‘let go’ sometimes makes us feel like losers because it means giving up what truly we felt we had a right to. But true strength lies in resisting the urge to hold onto things and people that bring us down.”

“As we grow and progress in life, a lot of things and people need to be left behind. Not for malice but as a necessity!”

“When you choose to let go, you discover more about who you are and what you want out of life, and then you go for it!”

“There are women who struggle to GAIN weight who are beautiful. There are women who struggle to LOSE weight who are beautiful. You know who is the most beautiful? Those who learn to love themselves the way they are. You don't need to change for ANYONE.”

“One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it’s happened.”



“We don't seek anyone out. We just wait and hope that people who want the same things come along.”


“Soccer forces life to move on. There’s always a new match. A new season. There’s always a dream that everything can get better. It’s a game of wonders.”


“If you can be heard then you exist.”


“You can do anything you set your mind to. You’re a human being, full of so many different thoughts and emotions; you’re the most powerful force in your universe. So when you realise that the absolute worst that could happen to you is death, wouldn’t you rather die knowing you did your best you lived your life in the most amazing way? You followed your dreams, you found your purpose and you served the rest of mankind simply by being the best person you can be? Or would you prefer to die with the regret of everything that you didn’t make time to do?”


“If we don't learn the art of patience and trust, we will end up assuming that we are a failure.”


“Karma can be seen as a curse or a gift a curse because it keeps us attached to this world and a gift because it creates links with our loved ones it’s like a chain that binds us all together.
Abdullah Fort”

“Time stood still so she learnt to alter her focus.”

“Seize the day and explore the allure of life.”

“Of course the dust is building up unseen, but you learn to repress this for as long as it goes unnoticed by guests. And then one day someone moves a piece of furniture without your say-so, and everything comes into plain view. Dirt and scratch marks. Permanent damage to the parquet floor. By then it’s too late.”


“In the end, everything happens for a reason. Paths are meant to be crossed for a higher purpose than what we realize at the moment. Life for everyone goes on. This is just a fork in the road that has taken me for a slight detour. Tomorrow I’ll pick up a new map and set my sights on a new direction.”


“Leadership embodies a spirit of encouragement. It is difficult to lead people where they are not enthusiastically encouraged to go.”

“ليس جديدا عليها شعور انها تذبل يوما بعد آخر ، كزهرة مقطوفة ملقاه بإهمال على إحدى الطاولات او ربما منسية .. لم يعد يغريها جلّ ما تراه او تسمعه ، والذي يغريها وهذا نادرا جدا لا تلقى منه سوى المزيد من الإهمال ليكلل ويكمل دوره فى مشهد الحياة عديمة الطعم حولها ... باتت تشعر ان الوحدة التى تفرضها على نفسها على الرغم انها تجلب الراحة الا انها حين تفكر بها تجدها مخيفة ..اصبحت تكره وتخشى مخالطة الناس حتى المقربين منهم ... لا تحب الإنغماس فى احاديث العمل مع الزملاء " البلاستيكين" ولا تحب الإنخراط فى ثرثرة الاسرة واحاديثهم ايضا ، اصبحت ترى مساحات شاسعة نفسية تفصلها عنهم ولا تريد تقريب تلك الساحات ، حتى الكتابة باتت تخشاها لعلمها ان ما تكتبه ربما يكون مكررا او ربما لن يلق استحسانا او قبولا فى الدائرة التى تلقيها بينهم ، هي وحيدة هذه هي الحقيقة الاكيدة التى لا تدعى مجالا للشك ... كل هذا الكوكب بساحاته الشاسعة لا تجد فيه ونسا او انسا يملأ الخواء داخلها ... وهناك من اعتقدت ان نداءتها ستصلهم وان اهتمامها بهم سيربط ما كان قد انقطع يوما ولكن حتى هؤلاء راحوا يسقوها بمزيد من الجفاء و الابتعاد يمنعوا عنها مياه الاهتمام فبات الذبول هو النتيجة”

“عدت وانا امتن لاسوان وللنوبة ولاهلهما فلولاهم ما كنت لاعود للكتابة من جديد بعد توقف طويل من جفاف الشغف ...أخيرا وجدت ما يستحق الكتابة ويحرك جمودي بقلمي ياسمين رافت”

“أمّا والفكر فينا ما يزال نسمة لا إعصارا، والخيال ثقبا لا برقا، والإرادة خيزرانة مرضوضة لا سنديانة عتية فنحن لا نملك القدرة على تجديد أنفسنا وتغيير العوالم من حولنا حسبما نرتئي ونرغب”


“A prophet is not without honor, except in the hometown and in his own household.”

“ان الاعتقاد بان احدهم شرير لا يعطينا الحق في فعل ما نشاء به او ارتكاب الشر بدورنا فا الخطا يظل خطا مهما كانت الزاويه التي تنظرين اليه منه
' مارينا”

“A Genius always admires the choices of the most Confident Fool!”

“If I had you then why I never felt you are mine, did I ever really had you?”

“Here now in his triumph where all things falter,
Stretched out on the spoils that his own hand spread,
As a god self-slain on his own strange altar,
Death lies dead.”

“You make it sound so simple.
It is, for the most part. Love is complicated, it can be downright ugly, but with the two of you it can be nothing but beautiful in the end.”


“If the race isn't over after you have won, then it wasn't your game!”

“There is never a problem without a solution. It's just that you don't see it because fear, insecurity and lack of passion make you blind.”


“True surrender is giving up an old way for a new way.”

“No matter what life throws at you, it’s how you see yourself that matters”.”

“If knowing something got you where you needed to go, you'd already be there. Put your hand to your heart. Take a deep breath in. It knows.”

“Never give up! Just keep on pushing forward and you will break through!”


“لا تسألوني عن جنسيتي... فيكفيكم بصرًا أن تعوا جنسيتي... أنا إنسان!”

“كم ستكون الحياة أجمل لو رمت أمامنا أشخاصًا يغلقون عنّا ) حنفيات ( النحيب كما تغلق علينا الدولة حنفيات المياه! لنعتكف عن البكاء!”

“I’ve never felt this lonely.
But then I’ve never witnessed someone falling apart. Even his blank stare, as he watches his world crumble around himself, is beautiful. And I’ve never seen someone break so perfectly.
And all I can do is watch because he won’t let me in.
Because just like his darkness, his misery is his own.
But what does that make me?
A passerby?
No.
I can’t just stand by.
Why doesn’t he understand that I can’t watch him fall apart? That the sharp ends of the broken glass that is his heart, cut me too.”



“Failure only happens when you lose your willpower to continue trying...If we let the obstacles get the best of us then it was our choice to fail, not fate.”


“The creative mind can turn chaos into a master piece and call it Art.”

“If we fail to learn from our trials and errors then we truly fail.”

“Everyone holds his or her own key to success and happiness. It's just that sometimes you have to test out a lot of wrong keys first to find the one that fits.”


“Staying true to who you are is essential to anyone's success.”


“No one ever reads a book. He reads himself through books, either to discover or to control himself.”

“The world has enough deceit, decay, and despair; be different.”


“Who doesn't enjoy a little gardening? As we plant the seeds and remove the weeds we reap a wonderful harvest of blessings. What are the weeds? Anyone or anything that sucks the nutrients from the seeds we have planted. The seeds are our goals, desires, good thoughts and feelings. good works and deeds anything that uplifts us. If we don't keep up on our weeding then our garden will die.”


“I go towards him and put my hands on his face and I kiss him. “What do you feel, Holden?”
He looks into my eyes. “You,” he says. “I feel you.”


“The flower doth not worry, and the tree doth not waver.”

“Walk into the unknown with what you know in your heart.”

“Forget about what you might have lost but instead focus on what you have room to gain.”


“If only you knew how beautiful you are unconditionally. Don't you know it's enough if all you do is breathe?”


“Don't assume that God will bless you with what you desire just because He knows your thoughts.You must ask for these blessings and act.”


“Once a person has declared "failure", they cease to look for the alternate open door. When in reality it was just inches away and wide open.”


“The Lord knows all - His timing and reasoning is perfect. If we really trust Him, then we no longer see our failures as a bad thing. We will see them as an answer to our prayers even if we don't understand how in the moment.”


“(Answers to life) - You don't have to have it all figured out by a certain age or time in your life. It will come in bits and pieces along the way.”


“Sometimes when we get so caught up in our dreams we get tunnel vision. It becomes about "me, me, me," and we fail to see those around us who need our help. When this happens we can expect to experience obstacles or as I like to call them, "gentle reminders" that we are not the center of the universe. When we are not using our talents and strengths to bless others, how can we expect the Lord to bless us?”


“Allow the courage to create overwhelmed you.”

“To reform the world - means to reform upbringing...”

“It's not about what you accomplish - it's about what you take away from your experiences and how you handle them.”


“In order for us to grow we have to get our feet wet. If God put all the answers in front of us, we would never learn. We need to dig a little deeper, reach a little further, think a little harder, run a little faster, and surprisingly when we utilize our capabilities and push our limits, we begin to grow in leaps and bounds.”

“When you find a way to incorporate your goals and dreams with what you enjoy most, then you have found success!”


“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”


“What God wants for us is always what's best for us - we just need to trust Him.”


“When we are blinded by our frustration and devastation we become oblivious to the life preserver floating inches away from us. If we take a minute to think positive, utilize our faith, and become proactive, we are able to think rationally and clearly. We then will recognize the life preserver which will keep us afloat and help us get to our destination.”


“No matter how different you are, your idea is, your art, your writing, your product, your concept, show it to the world. Just do it. Show who you are to the world. This is what you are here to do.”

“All too often we fail to see the good in a difficult situation. Our minds are wired in such a funny way that we tend to believe just because a door closed it must be a bad thing.”


“If you want something bad enough, then do something about it!”


“Now, I don't smile because I have a perfect life or even because I'm having a perfect day - I smile because that's how I choose to deal with whatever life throws my way.”



“A closed door really is an open door in disguise.”


“Something important I have learned is patience, and turning each failure into a learning experience. ..Instead of calling them "failures" I call them "lessons". Instead of saying, "I failed at that," I say, "I learned from that." Each failure has taught me something incredibly valuable and by recognizing this I can see the hand of God in my life in situations where most people would feel abandoned by Him.”


“Having a positive attitude gives you the power to uplift, the power to create change, the power to motivate, the power to inspire, the power to influence, the power to cultivate happiness, and the list goes on.”


“If you posses enough courage to speak out what you are, you will find that you are not alone.”

“Think about people in your own life who you have envied for one reason or another. It may surprise you to know that they do not see themselves the way that you do. Maybe they are all smiles on the outside but have personal struggles and trials that you would never guess from first glance.”


“Sometimes we are tested with a great idea or opportunity just to see if we will act upon it, however the timing may not be right. We are being prepared for something else down the road... When we understand that all things happen for our benefit and we trust in the Lord, then we can accept what we have termed as "failures" knowing that in the end it will all work out and we will be happy.”


“Having a positive attitude gives you power. This isn't the same kind of power that dictators and warlords seek after, but rather a spiritual power. It's a power that comes to us from God.”


“If you want to know whether or not you have had a successful life, think about what people would say about you at your own funeral.”


“Do we need to wait until the next life to experience true happiness? Of course not; we can experience it now. By making that choice to be happy and optimistic, we can have a little bit of Heaven on Earth.”


“Though I am a lot of things, most importantly I am human.”


“If you don't believe in yourself, who will?”


“Remember, every obstacle is also an opportunity.”


“There is good all around us, but we get so used to it that we forget to celebrate it. The bad and unfortunate circumstances in our lives do not deserve all of our attention and energy. Remember to look for the good and to give that your full time and attention. It makes all the difference.”


“To fail at trying is worse than to fail after trying. If we never try, then we never learn.”


“Fear doesn't let you fail, it releases you from illusion!”

“What kind of legacy will you leave behind? What will your children and your children's children say about you? How will you be remembered? Will your life and decisions have inspired others to do better? Life is too short to postpone it - choose to be positive today.”


“Confidence comes from within. You teach people how to perceive you, by your own example of how you perceive yourself. If you believe in yourself that confidence shines through and others will believe in you too.”


“If you have friends and family who love you unconditionally - you truly have everything!”


“Et par contre, si je communique à mes hommes l’amour de la marche sur la mer, et que chacun d’eux soit ainsi en pente à cause d’un poids dans le cœur, alors tu les verras bientôt se diversifier selon leurs mille qualités particulières. Celui-là tissera des toiles, l’autre dans la forêt par l’éclair de sa hache couchera l’arbre. L’autre, encore, forgera des clous, et il en sera quelque part qui observeront les étoiles afin d’apprendre à gouverner. Et tous cependant ne seront qu’un. Créer le navire ce n’est point tisser les toiles, forger les clous, lire les astres, mais bien donner le goût de la mer qui est un, et à la lumière duquel il n’est plus rien qui soit contradictoire mais communauté dans l’amour.”


“Nothing will ruin your life more than thinking you should have your life together already.”


“If we let all the negative roadblocks influence us then it's only a matter of time before we end up detoured, lost, or possibly stranded on the side of the highway. Our positive attitude keeps our battery powered and our gas tank full, so that we can make it in one piece to our destination.”


“The things you say, the things you don't say, the things you do, or the things you don't do are always sending a loud message to those around you. What kind of a message are you sending? Is it a true reflection of who you are?”


“I would rather be known as someone who tried and failed, than someone who never tried at all.”


“You don't have to be successful on a grand scale like winning a talent competition or writing a New York Times bestseller - if you have enough small things that you can be successful at then eventually they outshine all your failures.”


“When its no longer just about you and the sake of succeeding just to succeed, you will see miracles happen!”


“To quit is to fail - as long as you are still in the game you are succeeding!”


“When righteous desires back up your motivation, you'll find that your inner gas tank will always have fuel to spare. Brick walls cannot stand in your way, detours cannot get you off track, and road construction will not make you turn around and head back. Your strength will surprise you, and whatever it is that your heart desires will eventually be accomplished.”


“I like knowing what makes people tick and wakes me stop ticking, like clocks.”


“Putting 100% effort into "trying" will always make you successful. With that in mind it's important to remember that the effort part is never easy.”


“Talent guided by genius can achieve anything”



“Be as fierce as a lion. Let the world hear you roar.”


“When I was in South Africa during a windy day, the zebras would not walk out into the open. The wind would carry their scent to lions, so the zebras would starve for the day in order to survive another. It made me think about how time management and success strategy involves sacrifice and discomfort for an overall positive outcome applied to all aspects of LIFE, BUSINESS and the WILD.”

“Give yourself a break. Embrace and accept yourself for who YOU are. Love yourself and be kind to yourself. See the best in yourself! Be brave and have courage to be comfortable in your own skin. Knowing your self-worth is everything.”

“Dear Fellow Human Being,
You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!
Tell yourself,
You do not deserve this!
All those toxic words you have to listen from people,
All those fears they try to pin on your mind,
All those giggles they aim at your dreams,
All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality,
All those fingers pointing towards your crude character,
All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations,
All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free,
Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it.
My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility.
You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”

“This is an epiphany moment, I can either sink or swim”


“In order to be a success, you must think like success. Get up and move! You got to make things happen.”


“Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.”

“It’s is not just a question of doing what you love for a living. It is a matter of doing what you love with love. Then your life and all lives will be transformed.”

“Believe God for something today. Prayer is the key to connecting with God and allowing Him to speak to your spirit. Open your heart and free your mind.”


“So what if you have stretch marks. So what if you have cellulite. So what if you don’t have a big butt. So what if you don’t have large breasts. So what if you don’t have flawless skin. So what if you don’t have a body that other people deem to be perfect. So what! Don’t allow people to define YOUR beauty. Hold your head up high and know who YOU are! DO NOT EVER allow anybody to make you feel as if you’re NOT enough. You ARE enough! BELIEVE that.”

“Life is an adventure, and I don't want to miss a moment of it!”

“Having needs is not evidence of weakness – it is human.”


“It doesn't matter how smart you are, but how much you are willing to learn . . . Everyone can grow their abilities if they choose to put in the effort.”


“Two things amaze me the most--the beauty of nature and the power of my thoughts.”

“The past was "built", the present is "assembled" & the future - "programmed"!”

“Your present interests are not a solid basis of a career decisions. So, stop following your passion and Do What Is Valuable.!”

“فجدير به أن يتّكل على الموجه الأعظم إذ يتّكل على نفسه. فلا يعاتب الدّهر والناس والأرض والسماء كلّما سدّد سهمه الى هدف من أهدافه فطاش سهمه. ولا ينتفخ غرورا كلّما أصاب سهمه الهدف، فيمضي يتبختر ويتكبّر ويتجبّر واهما أنه وحده سيّد حياته المطلق يسيّرها كيفما يشاء والى الهدف الذي يشاء”


“فعفوك ايتها الأرض. عفوك يا منبع الخير والطهر والقداسة. لأنت أكرم الأمهات. ولنحن اعقّ البنين. وأيّ الجود جودك؟ واي الشحّ شحّنا؟ جودك جود القلب نقتّه المحبة وصوّنه الإيمان. وشحّنا شحّ العقل، يحتله البغض، ويحميه الشك، ويقوده الخوف، ويحدوه الحذر. ولولا وجودك لما كان لنا وجود”


“Motivation can be found no matter your situation, the key is to look for it.
Stacey Fowler”


“نحنُ في شدة. ولكن شكوانا من الشدة لأشد وطأة من الشدة. وأمامنا مشكلة. ولكن ضجيجا اثرناه مَن حوّلها لمشكلة أعقد. من تلك المشكلة. فشكوانا هي الشك في حقنا. وضجيجنا هو الإزهاق لإيماننا”


“Do what YOU want to do because if you don’t, you are nothing but your own slave.-RVM”

“The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right time, but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.”

“Step ahead immediately and do what you have to do before it's too late.”

“Love" is a brilliant defying logic that thrives on human weaknesses!”

“If you are not yourself than you are nobody”

“I am RESILIENT, therefore, I am unstoppable. It’s important to always remember who YOU are. No matter what challenges you may have to face, ALWAYS stay true to yourself and NEVER give up. Never!”

“ما دمت دون مستوى الوعي فهي الغريزة. ومتى بلغت الوعي فهي الفكر والخيال والارادة. وأما متى تجاوزت الوعي فهي الألوهة”


“The beauty of adversity is that when we hit bottom, the only way to go is up.”


“Never be afraid of darkness, it is only temporary. As we grow, we conquer and fight fear. We stumble and get discourage, it is only hope that will keep us further to see the light ahead of us.”

“Quotes help us understand , inspire , motivate ,clarify and show our approach to things around , this is why people and I love quotes”



“Sometimes great achievements arrive much later than we expect, but they arrive, and they are great.”

“Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.”

“with each measured step,
we know
this earth is only as solid
as we are.”


“Your risk level defines your avidity towards your GOAL...”

“The choices you make in life creates your destiny.”


“I will never be the person I could have been
but I can still be the person I want to be.”

“Smiling through confusion is courage.
Smiling through tears is strength.
Smiling through pain is power.
Smiling through tragedy is greatness.”

“فما هي المرة المرة الأولى- ولا الأخيرة- ثار فيها شعب على الحيف والفقر والاستبداد ثم أفاق من سكرته فإذا به لا يتمتع بالعدل والبحبوحة والحرية التي كان ينشد. واذا بالحيف قد ترّدى رداءا جديدا، وبالفقر قد انتقل من الجيب الى القلب او من جيب الى جيب، واذا بالاستبداد قد وجد له مراعي غير مراعيه القديمة”


“From hope evolves faith. From faith evolves belief. From belief evolves expectations. From expectations evolve success. As long as you have hope you can achieve success.”

“May the cheering contemplation of the glorious hope set before us—support and animate us to improve our short interval on earth, and fill us with a holy ambition of shining as lights in this evil world, to the praise and glory of His grace—who has called us out of darkness, into His glorious light!”


“Those whom [the Lord] teaches, are always increasing in knowledge, both of themselves and of him. The heart is deep, and, like Ezekiel's vision, presents so many chambers of imagery, one within another, that it requires time to get a considerable acquaintance with it, and we shall never know it thoroughly. It is now more than twenty-eight years since the Lord began to open mine to my own view; and from that time to this, almost every day has discovered to me something which until then was unobserved; and the farther I go, the more I seem convinced that I have entered but a little way. A person who travels in some parts of Derbyshire may easily be satisfied that the country is cavernous; but how large, how deep, how numerous the caverns may be, which are hidden from us by the surface of the ground, and what is contained in them—are questions which our most discerning inquirers cannot fully answer…
And if our own hearts are beyond our comprehension, how much more incomprehensible is the heart of Jesus! If sin abounds in us—grace and love superabound in him! His ways and thoughts are higher than ours, as the heavens are higher than the earth; his love has a height, and depth, and length, and breadth, which passes all knowledge! The riches of his grace are unsearchable riches! Eph. 3:8, Eph. 3:18, Eph. 3:19. All that we have received or can receive from him, or know of him in this life, compared with what he is in himself, or what he has for us—is but as the drop of a bucket—compared with the ocean; or a single ray of light—compared with the sun. The waters of the sanctuary flow to us at first almost ankle deep—so graciously does the Lord condescend to our weakness; but they rise as we advance, and constrain us to cry out, with the Apostle, O the depth! We find before us, as Dr. Watts beautifully expresses it,
A sea of love and grace unknown,
Without a bottom or a shore!”

“Never mind failures; they are quite natural,
they are the beauty of life, these failures.
What would be LIFE without them”

“When the last leaf falls,
what will die within us?”


“We" multiplies the power of "I".”

“فالمشاكل لا تنبت الا في العقول التي بعضها في النور وجلّها في الظلام، والا في القلوب التي تمشي على رؤوس الحراب فتبتاع المجد الرخيص بالدم الغالي واللذة الظاعنة بالألم المقيم”


“ويمشون جحافل جرّارة إلى ميادين القتال جاهلين انهم يمشون الى قتال الفكر والخيال والوجدان، والى نصرة الإستبداد والفوضى والحرب والظلام على الحرية والنظام والسلم والنور، وانهم يمشون في عرس البهيمة وجنازة الإنسان”


“Many are concerned with going to heaven or hell, But fail to realize that you can be living in heaven or hell right here on Earth.”


“Positive energy radiates from every word you share to a magnitude that can not be measured on scale. The vibrations he sends your way are received and absorbed into the very core of your existence. The power within his words quench the areas of your spirit that only God knows. Mortality thrives on the very essence of Godly Love”


“No matter the life-shattering circumstance that delivers the devastating blow to our spirit, God is bigger. He is faithful and unchanging, merciful and consistent with His offer to us, that through it all, we will be comforted, we will be loved, we will be HELD.”

“There is a problem when we put someone on a pedestal instead of God. If that someone falls off the pedestal, we will likely be disappointed and then start judging. God never falls off His pedestal so there is no room for disappointment in Him.”

“Do not be deceived, thinking all the work we do in our ministry and all the financial contribution we give will get us into heaven. Good works cannot buy our way into heaven. Being a doer of the word and not only a hearer, will.”

“الا ان الناس أطفال عابثون. فما يكاد واحدهم يحسّ دبيب الحب في دمه حتى يروح يعبث بالحب. فحينا يسخّره لشهوات لحمه ودمه. وحينا يحاول حبسه في أقفاص غاياته الأرضية والزمنية”


“If we don't do what we are passionate about, work would be more like a mere wait for the subsequent month's salary.”


“يا ويلهم يطرحون صورة الله ومثاله في سوق الدلالة ليقبضوا ثمنها ذهبا اصفر واسود، وسلطانا زائفا، ومجدا باطلا، ودماءا قانية، وأشلاءا ممزقة، وحرقة ودموعا، وقلقا وأوجاعا، ما لها قرار”


“ألا أغمض اللهم عين السوء فينا. وأفتح لنا عين الرضا لعلنا نبصرك بأجسادنا وأرواحنا وفي كل ما نثرت وكل ما صورت لنا من جمال وكمال”


“Perhaps above everything compassion is the most important thing to embrace and emanate in life. It will enhance your life - and it's the one thing that will elevate and heal mankind”

“Enlightenment is not about attaining a ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.”

“فالمحارب بالظلام كثيرا ما يفتك بأصدقائه قبل أعدائه ثم ينتهي بأن يفتك بنفسه. فلا بد له من نورٍ يميّز فيه صديقه من عدوه ثم يحدد جبهة القتال. ولكن سواد الناس، مايزال نورهم ضئيلا الى حدّ انهم يحالفون اعدائهم على انفسهم وعلى اصدقائهم. فتدور رحى المعركة عليهم ويروحون يئّنون ويشكون ويعاتبون”


“Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it’s okay. Don’t feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You’re just as important as anybody else.”

“A speck of ire can
blaze a fire; the fate of war can
be sealed with a dart,
a butterfly flapping its wings
may turn the tide miles apart!”

“Great writing isn't safe.”

“How can you trust me, after what your own brother did to you?’
‘Because he was false,’ said Damen, ‘and you are true. I have never known a truer man.”

“If you want to have a strong structure, build the foundations the right way.”

“فنحن ما انبثقنا من الله لتنلاشى في الموت. ولا نحن نموت ما دمنا من الله وفيه. ولكننا نحيا لنعرف انفسنا ونعرف الله.”



“It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are.”


“على الإنسان ان يشن حربا على نفسه لا على أخيه الأنسان ولا على الأكوان من حوله. فهو ان صفت عينه صفت حياته. وان صفت حياته كان كل الكون في عينيه نورا صافيا”


“It's not the fall but the impact...”

“Use your senses to SEE yourself for who you truly are. SMELL the flowers and become one with nature. TASTE the goodness of God. HEAR the truth. TOUCH the hearts of others with kindness and honest deeds.”


“One thing that I like about “LAW OF UNIVERSE” or “LAW OF ATTRACTION” is a fact that they are non-discriminative and equitable. “Whatever you wish TO HAPPEN TO OTHERS will CERTAINLY happen to you. Whatever you wish to NOT TO HAPPEN TO YOU, will DEFINITELY happen to you.”

“I can live on thin rations, but not without hope.”

“Sometimes it's a mistake to look too far down the road. There are times in life when you can't be sure of the pattern. You have to meet circumstances as they are.”


“There is always a good choice and there is always a better choice. There is always the best choice and there is always a choice to choose. If only you would think of the summary of your life tomorrow today, you would yearn to live and leave a distinctive footprint and you would never stand for anything at all”

“El hecho de evitar el dinero es tan psicótico como ser adicto a el.”

“LIFE becomes wonderful when we stop COMPLAINING and start APPRECIATING, when we stop HATING and start LOVING, when we stop JUDGING and start ACCEPTING and when we stop IGNORING and start EMBRACING.”

“Don't let your ego put you in a compromising situation. Don't allow your pride to keep you from seeking the help you need. And don't give in to your fears. Stay focused.”


“In the quest of COMPLAINING about things that we don’t have, we often fail to EXPRESS OUR GRATITUDE and APPRECIATE things that we have. We have love, health, family, education, work, home to stay, food to eat, cloths to wear, friends to support, etc. Many people are not fortunate enough to have THINGS THAT WE HAVE. Being dreamy or AMBITIOUS is good; however, it is equally important to be THANKFUL about what WE have.”

“The things we earnestly chased like they are inevitable; now we see them and pass by....that's what i call GROWTH. Some will take 20 yrs to know this growth but those that feed on the Word have instant growth and prosperity. God be praised”

“and I realized that even if she didn't know it yet, everything had changed for her. She wouldn't stay here now, no matter what happened with Will Traynor. She had an air about her, a new air of knowledge, of things seen, places she had been. My sister finally had new horizons.”


“Don't seek, let go & what you are searching for will find you.”

“Believe in yourself and start achieving your dream. It waits for you on the other side of the publish button.”

“Healing is not a process, it is a choice. Nothing can heal your scars until you decide to.”

“Scars heal when you learn to FLY.
F(irst) L(ove) Y(ourself).”

“Kindness costs us nothing and pays exponential dividends.”

“Against all odds, beyond every logic, there is hope.”

“If you want to achieve, identify your passion. Ultimately your passion and the vision makes your destiny”

“There will come a point that your story will take hold of you instead of you taking hold of your story.”

“There is always a CHOICE..we choose or are affected by choices.our choices are either negatives or positives.. Good or bad...right or wrong..APRECIATION on the other hand helps you understand your choices..you appreciate your mistakes and learn from it..or you understand your success and gain from it.”

“Secret of success is found in your regular actions”

“LIFE is a JOURNEY. We are TRAVELLING towards a destination where NO ONE HAS EVER BEEN. We don’t know the ROUTE. Also, we are not born with GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (GPS). We need to crave our own ROUTE through our CHOICES. However, this JOURNEY is going to be very ADVENTUROUS. This will be unique JOURNEY. Be prepared for this.”

“Words have power, and when you speak you give them life. Speak into the atmosphere. Speak into existence what you believe, desire, dream, and hope.”



“You are always going to meet disturbances outside yourself, it's the experience of living ~
There will be dark days and there will be days of laughter and somewhere in between you'll create a healthy balance within yourself and call it a life.
We can't stop the storm, but we can learn to watch it pass.”

“When your soul whispers listen, when your heart speaks listen. Whenever you know it's real love, don't let it pass you by.”


“Never allow anyone to hold the key to your happiness, key to your heart, or key to your dreams. Be in control of your life and build your hopes on things eternal. No one should have the power to manipulate your life, optimism, love, or success.”


“Unapologetic fearless beauty guilt trips those who marvel at it and wish for more of it.”

“The Day you make them all is the day you stop improving”

“Just because you stumbled a few times in the past doesn't mean you won't overcome. Realize that adversity and challenges arise, but you are made stronger. Embrace the day. Seize the moment. Your time is now.”


“Freedom begins in the mind of the individual. You'll never be able to do a particular thing if you don't navigate your thoughts positively. Complaining and neglecting to take action creates stagnation. Free your mind and the rest will follow.”


“The sole purpose of knowledge is to create hunger for experience.”

“Stop and think about who you are and where you've come from. Love yourself and comfort your spirit. Don't go wandering the streets looking for love and attention. Self love and respect must be a priority”


“You don't have to live in anyone's shadow. Allow your unique characteristics to shine forth and Illuminate your way.”


“A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.”


“Perhaps a better explanation for why it's so difficult to feel our feelings is that ALL emotion, positive or negative, opens the door to the nature of reality. All of us prefer to avoid pain -- but even more, we want to escape reality.”

“Life is not only consisted of "yes" and "no", but a lot of "yes and's" and "no but's".”

“The journey may be long for those who accept the challenge. And, if you endure the storms along the way the rewards for doing so are that much greater.”

“Have you ever heard someone say 'I shouldn't have trusted my intuition'?”

“It is God's jealous love that both unnerves us and draws us to Him. His relentless pursuit, His fierce hatred of any rival, and His incomprehensible willingness to anguish on our behalf captures our heart for His love. His jealousy is our shield; it is our promise of eternal protection and passionate exclusivity. it is our confidence that the divine Lover will win His bride.”

“But often it is a seemingly irresolvable relationship that teaches us the most, once we're willing to be vulnerable and honest, once we're willing to connect with what Chogyam Trungpa called "the genuine heart of sadness." As warriors in training we do our best to hold the person in our heart without any hypocrisy. One thing we can do with a difficult relationship is to place a picture of the person somewhere we will see it often and think, "I wish for your deepest well-being". Or we can write down the person's name, along with the aspiration that they may be safe, may be happy, may live in peace.
Regardless of what specific action we take, our aspiration is to benefit the other person and wish them well.”

“Beautiful things happen when you believe, just open your heart and your mind to conceive.”


“Your potential is not what you have done, but what you can do!”

“Lots Of Valuable Effort is the true full form of LOVE.”

“Exits are doorways to new beginnings.'- Fida Fayez Qutob”

“Wisdom is merely the counter power used against on your unique talents to prevent them turning into your deadly curses.”

“Wisdom is a state of stability and unconcern. It is a balanced confidence based on stable reasons. Wisdom is not a talent or power sourced at your birth. It is the power of ruling over all the other powers you have born with.”

“Seburuk apapun orang itu, selama ia percaya pada Tuhan maka tangan Tuhan akan menuntunnya ke arah jalan keluar.
Laksana tanaman yang berada di tempat yang gelap. Jika ada setitik cahaya yang menyinarinya, maka ia pun akan tumbuh menuju cahaya tersebut.
Dapatkan selengkapnya di buku "Cahaya Sejati ataukah Cahaya Semu”

“[We're] going to change the world. One day they'll write about us. You'll see.”

“Are you going to cater to the whims and prejudices of people who have no intelligent knowledge of what they condemn?”

“A unified team transcends the desired victory of a discorded army.”

“A standard is a platform that resembles a foundation, when you set one, make it profound enough for great things to stand firm.”

“SIMPLE CHOICES ARE OFTEN DIFFICULT TO MAKE. A choice between YES or NO, a choice between TO CONTINUE or TO STOP, and a choice between TO GO STRAIGHT or TO TAKE A U-TURN, are most difficult choices. These are life changing choices.”

“Even in a world of closed minds and judgmental people, love stories continue to evolve even in the most radical of situations. There isn't a book of how to when it comes to love. Any two people can fall in love, and that's all it takes to create an amazing love story. Never feel ashamed of who you love.”

“Summer arrives with the morning sun.
Beach time breezes in with endless fun.”

“Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.”

“The most pleasant surprise is to get lost in the beauty of life.”

“When you cease to love, you cease to exist.”

“There are three absolute freedoms that we have that no one can take away; freedom to think, freedom to love and freedom to feel the joys of life.”

“To find the deep meaning of life, you must get lost in the blue sky and go beyond your comfort zone.”

“To be awesome, never forget to smile.”

“If you encounter defeat, you must persist to be a winner.”

“To get lost, all you need is poetry.”

“Opportunities are endless when you are ready to find them.”

“Infect everyone with your smile; it will make the world happy.”

“Smile to enjoy the beauties of life.”

“You will only have what you give away.”

“With the power of your love, you can change the world.”

“To be happy you must have happy thoughts.”

“Every problem gets solved with time.”

“Mastering facts is knowledge. Mastering knowledge is wisdom.”

“All journeys begin in our minds and not on the road.”

“What you want let it go., if it is truly yours, it will come back to you.”

“If you can’t love yourself, how can you love others? If you can’t forgive yourself, how can you forgive others?”

“To forgive others, you must forgive yourself first.”

“Love yourself so much that you can never harm yourself. Remember, you can never harm others without harming yourself.”

“I wanted to get lost to find myself.”

“Life is for living not achieving.”

“Kindness is sweeter than your sweet voice.”

“Love more. Love often. Love endlessly.”

“To find a focus, learn to love and dream.”

“An obstacle is an opportunity in disguise.”

“If you have a great vision and are ready for a passionate mission, they you are a leader.”

“The secret of success is a pleasant personality with a sincere enthusiastic attitude.”

“Education enlightens you to see the beauty of life.”

“Tomorrow belongs to those who are sincerely learning and loving today.”

“Education is a process of cultivating diamonds in a field called the mind.”

“An intelligent person looks for problems to solve. The wise person looks for solutions.”

“If you fear to take risks, your life will always be risky.”

“You may never get back this life, so do something in this lifetime worthy of celebration.”

“Always walk toward the direction of your love.”

“May the flowers of spring bring beauty and joy to your world everyday.”

“You can’t be a great leader if your heart is not filled with greatness.”

“You came to this world with the promise to live an extraordinary life.”

“Education opens the door for an extraordinary life.”

“Education helps you to be what you really want to be.”

“The biggest adventure in life is life itself.”

“Education is the light switch for the mind. You have to turn it on to see the world in your own way.”

“Poetry of the universe is written with flowers and the lights of love on a canvas we call earth.”

“To enjoy the song of love and beauty, just get lost in the wonders of nature.”

“To attract all the beauty of life, spread the fragrance of happiness like a dancing flower of peace.”

“A flower blooms to reveal her beauty just to express her gratitude for all the life, love, and light.”

“Life is like a bud, it always dreams to bloom like a flower.”

“Life is like a magical bud hoping to bloom into a beautiful flower that will beautify humanity with her petals of love.”

“May your home always be filled with love, laughter and happiness.”

“Who are you? What are you? Why are you?”

“What does it mean to be alive?”

“To find yourself, get lost for others.”

“We live not for the years but for the moments.”

“Don’t fight change; appreciate change.”

“Every person may not be great, but there is some greatness in every person.”

“Everything happens because of dreams.”

“Nothing great happens without a great idea.”

“The warmth of my love will transform winter into spring and adorn you with floral blooms of my heart.”

“Change like a tree
When it is winter
Don’t complain or fear
Just wait for the spring
To bloom and sing”

“O, flower! If you bloom with love in spring,
will you understand if my soul sings?”

“Love must be as beautiful as spring flowers and as bright as the morning sun.”

“At the end of our lives, every moment is so priceless.”

“Do not stop dreaming because dreams are not real.”

“Do not ignore your best friend because some other friend hurt you.”

“In the end, nothing else matters except the love we have shared.”

“When humanity suffers from the darkness of violence, I will bring the empathetic, soft, kind, light from the moon to enlighten humanity.”

“Like a yogi, bend your thoughts to change your life.”

“A flower blooms because she dreams and desires to do so. Nothing happens without a dream.”

“Be courageous. Get out of your comfort zone to live fully and abundantly.”

“It is always a joyful spring when your heart can dance and your soul can sing.”

“When the beauty and warmth of summer is here,
then dancing leaves with colors are not too far.”

“Let your heart be an infant of hope not an adult of despair.”

“Your smile is the light of your soul. Don’t ever turn it off.”

“Hope is my guideline, happiness is my purpose, and love is my life’s strength and power.”

“Leaves leave this world in beautiful fall colors and songs.”

“Like a bird, my thoughts were flying away so I became a writer to cage my thoughts with paper and pen. You should not call me a writer but rather a catcher of thoughts.”

“Focus on your purpose, and your stress will melt away.”

“Be kind like a flower and know that life is beautiful like springtime.”

“My thoughts and imaginations are little seeds. I want them to grow tall and strong like a tree. I plant them in the soil of paper and let them grow to shade and support the world with beauty, love, joy.”

“Education is a savings account that you fill by learning and by spending. Even if you spend for the rest of your life, it will only grow to give you joy.”

“Education is the only currency which you can spend in every country of the world without losing its value.”

“Education is the light in the darkness of ignorance.”

“Each day is a gift; open it with love and gratitude.”

“To live a great life, focus and do what makes you happy.”

“Any obstacle is an opportunity to gain strength and think differently.”

“Nothing can stop you from achieving your goals if you have a deep driving persistent desire.”

“An attitude of gratitude fills a heart with happiness.”

“The good thing about being numb is that no one can hurt you, but the bad thing about being numb is that no one can love you.”



“Perfection is ordinary; imperfection is beauty.”

“I am fearless because I know the power of my love and beauty of my soul.”

“When we see goodness in everything and everyone, we become good.”

“The best gift that we can give to our friends is true love and sincere appreciation.”

“Magic is in simplicity. Simplicity is the ultimate expression of beauty.”

“To see beauty, you have to love.”

“The beauty of life is in happiness.”

“We are never separated. Our hearts are connected with a threadless garland called love.”

“Through the window of my soul and the mirror of my mind, I was looking for the beauty of my life. I could not find it, but I found it in the glint of a dew drop at the edge of a dancing leaf.”

“To understand the song of love, listen with your heart.”

“To illuminate the world, let your love shine like the morning sun.”

“Do not seek wealth or splendor, but seek true wisdom, freedom, and joy of life.”

“You are born to be magical, gorgeous and beautiful inside and out. So express your beauty and fear not.”

“Let your heart dance with joy and express that joy with your magical smile.”

“Things are wonderful when we look at them with magic in our hearts.”

“You have magic in your heart. Unfold the magnificence of your magical beauty.”

“Open the beauty of your heart and smile like a flower.”

“Everything that you need in your life permanently,
will come to you at the Perfect time.”

“Hope is like a bud that holds the hidden beauty of a flower.”

“To become truly beautiful, learn to see the beauty all around you.”

“Believe that you are unique with infinite love and beauty in your soul.”

“Dreams are like drama, they unfold the story on the stage.”

“Every morning tell the sun that you are magical, helpful, and beautiful like the sun.”

“You will make the world a magnificent place with the magic of your kindness, beauty, peace, and happiness.”

“The beauty of a face is transient, but the beauty of a heart is everlasting and magnificent.”

“We have eyes to see beauty and a heart to love and appreciate it.”

“To vanish with the infinite, I am floating with the waves of change in the ocean of time.”

“I am a speck of dust in an ocean of time, floating with the waves of change, vanishing with the infinite. I have no time to complain, condemn, or criticize because I am so busy loving, enjoying, appreciating, and being kind.”

“Dear life, Let me love you.”

“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”

“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”



“We all cannot do everything or solve every issue. "It's impossible", however, if we each simply do our part. Make our own contribution, regardless of how small we may think it is.... together it adds up and great things get accomplished.”

“Be the woman a man needs. Don’t be the woman that needs a man.”


“Inspect what you expect from others otherwise you only end up disappointing yourself.”

“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”

“Når du tror på dig selv, kan du gøre magiske ting! (Manolo - Det magiske sværd)”

“Padma, My darling. I have told you countless times that all these rites and rituals are meaningless. I will show you what God is. Just Look into the eyes of your mother Padma, and what you see is God. Look into the heart of a noble man, and what you see is God. Look at the lotus feet of your teacher, and what you see is God. God, as we know, is just a manifestation of our innate insecurity and fear of mortality. I do bow down dutifully before all Gods, but I really do not expect much from anyone. As far as I am concerned, I am yet to see any God in this big, wide and cruel world, except in the eyes of my mother and in feet of my teachers.”


“Stay the course. Don't tell me about the storms just bring the ship home and dock it.”

“A star will shine in the midst of darkness.
A flower will bloom in the midst of dirt.
A camel will flourish in the midst of doubt.
A diamond will form in the midst of pressure.
A champion will rise in the midst of hardship.”

“Strive to have a character that lasts.' -Fida Qutob”

“Stop complaining and start doing something about it. Think about where the complaints have gotten you so far...probably about the same place as you were. Take action and see how far you get instead!”

“Never rely on others to make the music you long to hear...carry it with you. Always.”

“Your true beauty is reflected in your soul...reflect well for true beauty grows with each passing year.”

“You have more power over your mind than you realize. The time to strengthen it is now.”

“We be warriors in this war of life
Forging battle-knives as we fight
Never-ceasing to sharpen the dull blades
Our own Heroes in not so shining armour’"
-Lost Voyagers-”


“Discover how wonderful you are. Love who you are, with all your faults. Focus on the unique gifts you bring to the people around you, to the world. Making this a daily practice will shift your life.”

“YOU want to be more than a knowledgeable person, YOU want to influence!”


“Many think that the mark of a great champion is the nature and margin of their victories and the peaks they scale and reach. That’s only part of it. The mark of the greatest of champions is how they react and respond to defeat. That is when they become enshrined in our hearts and minds – as they rise again and into the immortal pages of history.”

“Even the caged bird flies out when someone opens the door for it”

“Work on your craft, whatever your medium. Determination is your illusion headway toward reality.”

“You can be whoever you want to be. Sometimes all it takes is a little inspiration and effort.”


“Waktu tidak akan pernah menunggumu.”


“Self-love is when you are genuinely happy not with the image you see in the mirror, but the person you see.”

“Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wishes to die. The same could be said about success. Everybody wants to achieve it but few are willing to pay the price of success.”

“No matter how much you wish you could change the past, it will not rewind the time.”


“No matter how much you attach yourself to what could’ve been, what should’ve been, or what used to be, it will not change what’s meant to be.”


“...Always hold your head high like a sunflower that stretches toward the light.”


“You can either overcome your past or be consumed by it.”


“People will label you as a bad person, but not as a person who’s made a bad choice.”


“People regret not achieving enough success in life, they should regret missing many opportunities in life.”

“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”

“When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.”

“You need not to hate most of the people, life already hates them.”

“You must be yourself, stay with your vision, stick to your convictions, march to the beat of your own drum no matter what people may think.”

“God does not showers blessings, he showers opportunities.”

“There is only ONE PERSON who can make you SUCCESSFUL or a FAILURE.
There is only ONE PERSON who can make you FEEL HAPPY or SAD.
There is only ONE PERSON who believes in YOU, YOUR DREAMS and can HELP YOU REACH YOUR GOALS.
There is only ONE PERSON who can take you from WHERE YOU ARE TODAY to WHERE YOU DESIRE TO BE TOMORROW.
That one person is YOU. You can be WHATEVER YOU WANT TO BE. You can be WHOSOEVER you want to be. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams.”

“A heart favours love, a head favours work, a heart and head both favours hobby.”

“In the grand scheme of things it makes no difference who is right but rather what's right that counts.”

“Life is always full of surprises. We have our ups and downs, but the biggest pleasure is enjoying the ups to keep us going. :)”

“You win some, you lose some, let Karma takes its course… - Cocoy McCoy -”

“Don't fear the unknown for it may be the change you're looking for. And, once you've crossed that bridge be prepared to change once again for the only for sure in life is change.”

“No matter how many times I break...I will repair.
No matter how many times I tear...I will sew."
-From "Towards Peace in a More Natural Order”



“Like an energy even an opportunity cannot be destroyed, if you don't accept, it goes to someone else.”

“Ich habe gelernt, dass es auch Gutes auf der Welt gibt, wenn man genau hinschaut und danach sucht. Ich habe gelernt, dass nicht jeder eine Enttäuschung ist - einschließlich mir selbst - und dass eine dreihundertundachtzig Meter hohe Beule im Boden erhabener vorkommen kann als ein Glockenturm, wenn man neben der richtigen Person steht. (Finch)”


“Do we know what are the true happiness and joyfulness?”

“First opportunity is the golden opportunity.”

“If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's.”

“God did not create you halfheartedly;
God created you wholeheartedly.
What others see as defective,
God sees as a masterpiece.”

“Never say never again!”

“When you're watching something on TV that sucks, you change it. So when your life sucks you should be able to change it too.
-Butt-Head, of Beavis and Butt-Head; Chicken Soup for the Butt”

“This is not a dirty little secret which was discovered just yesterday. But, if you follow the Golden Rule, good things happen to you and those around you.”

“If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's.
- Michael A. Contés II”

“When did your flight plan become a holding pattern, always circling happiness, but never allowed to land? Distracted by in-flight movies, drinks, and snacks, until the fuel runs out. Is this really all there is? Is this what you want out of life?”

“Vive como si ya estuvieras viviendo por segunda vez y como si la primera vez ya hubieras obrado tan desacertadamente como ahora estás a punto de obrar”


“If one Godfather offers you an opportunity and another Godfather offers you an advantage, go with the former.”

“People wishes their friends to be in politics, but their sons in professions.”

“Reading together draws family closer together.”

“EACH of US
has four wives: the fourth wife is body, who must leave despite her master’s infinite care; the third wife is fame and fortune, which will belong to others after its owner dies; the second wife is friends and relatives, who only can send you as far as the graveyard; the first wife is the soul, who will not leave you through life or death, even though sometimes you ignore her.
Have you ignored your first wife?”

“Listening to music makes me creative in all spheres of life.”

“Take my hand
and…
feel the sand
beneath your aimless feet
towards the sparkling waves”

“What the world will remember you for might be but a few photos and stories, but what does it matter that nobody notices the true you? Don't you realize that the whole world is a beautiful spectacle and nobody notices either?”



“Ultimately, light is the energy field of strength and wisdom that follows us wherever we go and captures the brilliant memories of our souls.”

“Never mind, just make it fun, nice and useful.”

“It may sound strange, but I get the inspiration for most of my Dreams while I'm sleeping.”

“I am not smart, I pay attention.
I am not considerate, I listen.
I am not patient, I make time.
I’m not lucky, I work hard.”

“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”

“Never let a negative situation or abusive person define who you truly are.”

“Time becomes our friend, and therefore we do not lose time--we embrace it.”

“Your heart can be broken, but your soul never bleeds.”

“Always Compete Yourself to achieved Your Goals”

“There is no any substitute word of the Maa”

“Live to write. Write to inspire. Inspire to write.”

“Public opinion only affects those who do not know their destiny.”

“We can learn from our past, we can make plans for our future, but we have to live into this moment into the present, Let us start with a smile, Let our heart sing the song, let the wind touches us, let the beauty of the sky take our hearts away, Let our writings our smiles become inspirations for others.”

“God is great not just because nothing is too big for Him. God is great but because nothing is too small for Him either.”


“A lie is still a lie
even if it’s disguised
as the truth.”


“Being BEAUTIFUL does not guarantee SUCCESS. However, being SUCCESSFUL will always make you look BEAUTIFUL.”

“All DAYS are not same. All HUMAN-BEINGS are not same. All RELATIONSHIPS are not same. Let’s not find SIMILARITIES. Let’s not copy one another. Accept our UNIQUENESS. Celebrate our differences.”

“Your YESTERDAY will not decide your TOMORROW, your TODAY will. TODAY is an opportunity, a chance you have to change your TOMORROW...make best use of it.”

“The real problem is not the down time that you experience: it is what you do with it.”

“People don't notice wheter it's winter or summer when they're happy.”

“Don't let anyone fool you. The stars are always shining. And you don't just see them in the dark. The sun is a star, and it provides light for all of us.”

“Not only a man without hand is handicapped but also a man without health.”

“OUR LIFE ISN'T OVER WITH HARDSHIP-IT'S JUST BEGINNING.”

“Hitting rock bottom is the most precious level of our lives: because then we can choose which foundation to build, direction to take, and mental programs to embrace.”

“People who follow you want to know in their hearts what you are willing to sacrifice for them. Your followers don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care for their welfare. Leading to succeed begins with servant leadership.”

“Use time and space; grow slowly into your dreams, infinity will fill you with peace.”


“Difficult circumstances shine the light on the most basic human conditions so we can see more clearly our capacity to love.
"Is This Seat Taken?”

“It is easy to find the problem. Knowing the difference between critique and criticism is the solution. Condition your rawhide for growth. (Either way).”

“Nobody can stay with you forever; somebody will leave you soon or somebody very late but you must be left one day. so, don't get lost. Be with yourself. Life will never pain you.”



“We are one at the root - we just part at the branch”

“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”

“Don't be anyone's firefly in a jar! A lot of people are attracted to the light. Some are also intimidated by it. They selfishly try to keep it for themselves. Sometimes it happens so fast, you don't even realize you're being captured. There is magic within you that will suffocate in a jar. If you wake up one morning and realize there's a lid above you, do whatever it takes to free yourself. Life is much better beyond the jar. The world needs your light! Shine, Baby, shine!”

“You can’t imagine just how much believing in negative thoughts is affecting your life…until you stop.”

“Information gives reformation and reformation brings transformation.”

“Never had she dared to dream of dreams”


“Nobody can stay with you forever; somebody will leave you soon or somebody very late but you must be left one day. So don't get lost. Be with yourself. Life will never pain you.”


“If you can hold on to your uniqueness, it will make you the absolute best that you can be.”

“Know it from root to fruit”

“Know from root to fruit”

“If you haven't made any mistakes lately, then obviously you haven't been trying too hard.”

“Your outer world mirrors your inner world. How you view your outer world is how you view you, your inner world, the 'you' that needs your care, your attention, your compassion and your love.”


“Some of you may feel that if you don't do something soon to change your life, you will be left by the roadside, alone, homeless and in despair. But is the despair not there as you reach and grapple to create or manifest your desires through your own effort and will? What happens if or when those things appear in your life? Joy? Peace? Or a temporary sense of relief?
What if it is relief from the wanting you have been craving for so long, not the outcome, but the relief from the constant wanting.”


“Pour yourself completely into you and what brings you joy and moves you toward your goals. No one deserves your beautiful love and attention more than you!”

“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical, mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“Don't be afraid of challenges. Let them take you somewhere new.”

“Don't let other people's limitations limit you. Go for what you really want ... You just might get it!”

“Asian Answers . To Asian Questions.”

“When deciding whether or not to go for your dream, remember that you don't need a bigger net, you just need bigger wings.”

“Being your authentic self is the ultimate secret to happiness in life.”

“The pathway to enlightenment, transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.”

“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“The runway splayed out at her feet and at its height were the limits of the world.”

“Information is the most valuable commodity on the surface of the earth.”

“Dream is an expensive ornament to adorn your hope”

“You may possibly become rich by just caring about yourself and what you want to gain from life but you cannot possibly enrich the lives of everyone you meet that way. The pathway to enlightenment and transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.”

“seeing things from above
wondering as they keep marching
merging floating under this background
knowing that one day they'll wash ashore..”

“when you have something better to do, don't concentrate on something bitter”

“The hour on Sunday can be a time of wonder, a time of transformation, maybe even a time of awe.”


“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”

“A simple prayer can change your entire outlook on your day.”



“How much you are willing to sacrifice will show up in the process and the end result.”


“You would realize how good you had it, if God allowed you to see how many people were trying to take it from you.”


“Love is not a weakness nor is it a misfortune; God is love and if you live a life of love, you have lived a complete life.”

“I've erased the word "Easy" from my vocabulary. Easy won't get you very far.”


“Don't allow anyone to determine how far you can take your dreams.”


“Those who try and fail are infinitely better than those who do not try and succeed”

“Finding yourself is easy. Stepping out on faith is what troubles man.”


“Your attitude sets the tone for your day.”


“One of my greatest strategic partners has always been time. I know with time and hard work things will change. Use your time wisely.”


“Jeder Tag bedeutet vierundzwanzig neue Stunden. Jeder Tag bedeutet, dass alles möglich ist. Man lebt den Moment oder man stirbt darin, aber man lebt sein Leben einen Tag nach dem anderen. [...] Und man versucht immer, auf die Sonnenseite zu gelangen. Ins Licht. (Day)”


“Always expect great things to come to people with a strong work ethic, faith and integrity. For their blessings are not in the hands of man.”


“Five years from now you will either laugh at these times or tear but you will remember what you did.”


“It takes a real friend not to change their perception of you when God begins to bless you.”


“You can't change people but you can provide an alternative to how they see their life now.”


“Don't be afraid of being laughed at for failing. Fear being sixty-five years-old and never trying.”


“I believe there is something great in this world for all of us.”


“Fear works just like faith. It controls your thoughts and actions.”


“Take your goals to the next level by conquering the level your currently on.”


“The Revolution starts with you. You control the battle within.”


“You must change your ideals and values if you find yourself fighting the same battles year after year.”


“No one can predict how far you will go in life but God has a funny way of giving them a hint.”


“Words give sound to the beauty of Life.”

“Life will throw you curve balls, learn how to read the pitch.”


“Peace natures wisdom, wisdom natures vision, vision natures destiny and destiny reflects life's purpose.”

“I don't believe that life is a gamble. I don't believe life is a roller coaster either. I believe we are spiritual beings with a purpose in a human experience and it’s our job to find it.”


“Wisdom in a leader is key to a victorious future.”

“Before you lead find the vision and comprehend it, for you represent a campus that's expected to function well in all situations.”

“Be as productive as possible. Good seed requires consistency.”


“The next time your in a conversation and you hear a so called “friend" of yours downing someone they associate with on a regular basis, reply, "Wow, the crazy part is this person thinks your their friend.”



“The silliest reason to fall out with someone is because they start improving their life. What kind of friends do you want?”


“Be authentic at all times. That's what makes you real.”


“Hard times expose your character and the character of everyone you depend on.”


“The people who only value you by what you bring to the table, will leave you with the bill every time.”


“Don't surround yourself with someone who doubts everything and talks down about everyone but accomplishes nothing at all.”


“People will always reveal how they feel about themselves by how they treat and talk about others.”


“People have hidden agendas but some only to help you.”


“Fake people always seem like they’re winning because they’re always lying.”


“Small minds want you to stay small with them. When you reach for higher grounds, they work hard to bring you back.”


“If you’re my friend call me, let's straighten it out. If not, stay over there. Either way the sun will come out tomorrow.”


“Limitations are set by society. Imagination is set by oneself.”


“To avoid drama and the crowd, you must avoid drama and the crowd.”


“Once money is no longer your slave master, you'll see things differently. Be mindful because a dependent mind will never go against the holder of the gold.”


“The Universe is made of our thoughts.
Our thoughts are infinite.”

“If any new situation alters your friendship that was never your friend. Life may change but friends of the heart do not.”


“In a World of seven billion people, there is still a sense of competition within a proximity of thirty miles? Let's get out of the scarcity mentality.”


“Who sold you that mentality and how much did it set you back?”


“Friends will remind you of how GREAT you are. Anyone who reminds you constantly of how bad it was is suspect.”


“No one can hold you down without physically restraining you.”


“People love to converse with people who boost their false realities.”


“Your frienemies stand close enough for you to see them but stand back just enough not to catch you if you fall.”


“Everyone is your friend for a reason. Love those unconditionally that are your friends without reward because they are into you.”


“The simple fact is people want help from who they want it from and chose to associate with whom they feel is best for them. You can be the only friend someone has in reality but if they're stuck on meaningless friendships with others its time that will show them, not you.”


“Real family loves you for you. Real friends love you for all that you are. The streets will love you for what you do for them and nothing else.”


“You can't be around negative energy all day and expect to think positive; eventually the negativity will rub off on you.”


“You can’t take someone physically where they aren't ready to go mentally.”


“The enemies of the great are the bad and the mediocre.”


“People will tell you how everything is impossible until it's time to help them. That's when they tell you how easy it is.”


“Friends don't compete with one another. Learn to share in each another’s joy.”


“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”

“Remember, your goals are your goals. People may not want to go as far as you.”

“People who gave up on their dreams are coming for yours. Protect your dreams by moving in silence.”



“If your ultimate goal is making money everything that makes a dollar will look desirable.”


“If you’re a businessman or woman, you must go where the opportunities are. You can't flock, there must be a balance but don't lose your focus.”


“Money can't buy friends but it can buy people in large numbers.”


“When you are complaining and gossiping all day, I bet 100 people are willing to listen. Wait until the conversation changes to goals, plans or ideas. You will lose the interest of most.”


“Focus on building and if others want to contribute then let them but don't expect anything from anyone.”


“An opportunist is not your friend. Once the opportunity is no longer there or someone comes along that may take them further, there goes the bond.”


“Fear and doubt are not natural emotions. Fear and doubt are learned traits and behaviors. How did you learn them?”


“The strongest people are those who don’t fear being alone.”


“A rainbow is not possible without a storm, similar to your success not being possible without adversity.”


“Friends that become envious or jealous of you aren't bad people. The change came when you began going places in life they did not see for you. Some of them are afraid you will fail and fall. Some are afraid you will succeed and leave them. It's their belief system that attacks you, not their heart.”


“Your life is a TEST-I-MONY, so don't focus so much on the TEST that you miss your MOMENT.”


“Pursue a mentor. Everyday I see ambitious people being misguided by lost men and women.”


“Focus on your objectives and base your decisions on a moral foundation.”


“Jesus was betrayed for 30 pieces of silver. What makes you think people today won't sell you out to further themselves?”


“You can want the world for someone but if all they want is the bare minimum, they will do things to keep themselves there. The biggest factor to look for is the people they listen to over you. That's who they inspire to be like.”


“The more vocal people become about your blessing is a testament in its self.”


“Be careful who you take advice from. People love when you fall for deception. Only a true friend will inspire you and stand by you in pursuing a prosperous life.”


“It’s about the “Big Picture.” Avoid people who think day-to-day in a small way.”


“A mentality is a terrible thing to corrupt. Be attentive of what your mind consumes.”


“Your story will never be told correctly if your tale is only known by the Un-Godly. Avoid the scornful and pursue the light.”


“The secret to extraordinary faith is fully engaging our MINDS, as well as our hearts, because DYNAMIC FAITH REQUIRES A HEALTHY BALANCE OF BOTH.”


“Don't influence your peers to do anything you wouldn't want your children to do.”


“A person who is envious of you will still hang around you to learn and take from you. After all, they do want to be in your position.”


“Never forget, small minds think alike as well.”


“Hidden agendas are revealed in times of prosperity.”


“Never allow negative words to hinder positive actions.”


“Tell your dreams to clowns and watch those jokers laugh.”


“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose”



“Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”

“Build your dreams on the foundation of hard work and faith; not trust. No one can take away from your hard work and belief but you can lose it all on trust.”

“Mediocrity is common. It's so easy to fit in. Have enough courage to breakaway and set sail on something greater.”


“When you change the way you look at things the things you look at change.”

“A secret to your progress will be a strong belief in your own abilities. People will try to hold you back. Some will even "try" to close doors but if you believe in your very own abilities, I promise you will do all that they didn't want for you and more.”

“Some friends will try to do things to hurt you. Your job is not letting it get to your heart.”


“When you start from the bottom, there will be a host of people so used to you being there, they won't want you to grow. Some naive people still call them “friends.” But “friends” don't strangle your dreams.”


“Find a mentor who only has your best interest at heart. Friends will sometimes give you opinions based on how they view your potential.”


“No one will take care of me but me. I let go of all expectations and love and accept myself.”

“A great chunk of our lives is wasted on thoughts that bring nothing. We all think about something but, in the end, we only close the day thinking a lot and doing nothing but little.”

“I want to talk with you today about a subject that touches every one of us. Loss. Sometimes we are faced with things we think we just can't handle...
The death of a loved one, a father, a child, and we strive to find the reason behind it all.
And when those reasons don't make sence, we question God.
We look up and we say, "God, how could You do this to us? "How can You put so much on our plate?" But we're not operating on God's timetable, are we? We don't understand God's plan. How can we? And let me tell you, this is where faith comes in. Faith can help us see His message in our own lives. Perhaps this loss is there to teach us not to take the ones we love for granted, to cherish the simple, mundane moments, to love others as fiercely and as bravely and as compassionately as we can. And in that love, human love, forgiving, relentless, unconditional love, you'll find peace.”

“If you can't find the spirit of the holidays in your heart, you'll never find it under a tree.”

“Sometimes breaking down is the only solution for stepping up”

“In a place rarely disturbed by human steps, I started to write this book. Strikingly, in the prime of health, I felt pains all over my body and my back felt as if it would break. I understood: the uncleanliness of my heart was waging a final war with me in the form of sickness and pain.
Jianggong Living Buddha and Shangpa Kagyu
By XUE MO twitter: authorXueMo”

“Ask questions. Seek answers, knowing you’ll never have all of them. And that’s okay. Sometimes curiosity is its own reward.”

“Aunque había aprendido aquella palabra en la Superficie, había entendido su significado intuitivamente; era algo que no podía ser pronunciado o explicado. Simplemente era, como el amanecer, o una subida y repentina caída del agua gigante que me había robado el aliento en las ruinas, allí donde la tierra terminaba”


“So many good pages; so many good quotes. But please remember this: one single quote does not, cannot, and will not apply to all life experiences.”


“Podía ver en sus ojos que temía por mí, pero estaba sonriendo. Aquello me pareció amor, cuando te pones una máscara de valentía sobre el corazón roto porque es lo que la otra persona necesita.”


“Our lives are a novel being written. We are its author. Every action we encounter and every person we meet has a role and a place in our ultimate story. It is in our control to decide the level of how, who and what impacts us and how large a role we decide to assign each.”

“I try to have reasonable happy endings because I would hate any child to be cast down in gloom and despair, I want to show them you can find a way out of it.”

“Money doesn't define people but character does. People with character will see pass the money. The person without either is simply blind.”


“Time is Short. Take Time to Travel.”

“Stop wasting your days and nights on others that will never appreciate you and all hat you do. Try wasting them on yourself instead!”


“Plerumque stulti, risum dum captant levem, gravi destringunt alios contumelia.
(Sono soprattutto gli sciocchi che, cercando di suscitare il riso, offendono gravemente gli altri.)”


“Following the crowd only leads to you getting lost. Find yourself by following your heart.”


“If your friends don't support you, then divorce them. Get married to your dreams. Ten years from today, what they said about you will not matter. What you did with your time ultimately will.”


“The right things will happen, at the right time, and for the right reasons when we reject fear and doubt.”


“Living your life with out enjoying it,...is like eating a meal that has no flavor. In the end you're wind up feeling empty, Enjoy life while you still can.”


“Knowing what we believe and why we believe it is not an option for the Christian, because as believers, OUR BELIEFS ARE THE VERY HEART OF WHO WE ARE.”


“Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”

“Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them.”



“Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning—
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”

“Create new avenues in your life by removing toxic people who defeat your purpose.”


“Making New Year resolutions is one thing. Remaining resolute and seeing them through is quite another.”


“We spend so much time trying to change others – in part – because we do not deeply believe in and embrace ourselves as we already are. And so more often than not we do not learn to trust and utilize our gifts and power whole-heartedly enough to pursue and fulfill our own passions, purpose and possibilities.”

“Sometimes it's important to dare to dream - small or big - like Mandela, Gandhi, Winfrey, Obama, Malala and Dr King. From Einstein to Hawking - the skies no limit. From Ali to the Williams sisters - through trials and talent find the champions within. Like my mother did to raise great kids. Like the one or many who run with this. Like the unsung heroes in every city and village. Like the kind of heart and selfless healers. Like every act of kindness you ever did and received. Like the human spirit beyond class, colour and creed. Like every soul who has raised our consciousness. From one to all - love IS all we have and need.”

“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”

“My two most unproductive days of the week have always been yesterday and tomorrow. Keeping that in mind, I try to focus majority of my attention on today.”

“Nothing holds back human progress as frequently as the misbelief that the words ‘impossible’ and ‘improbable’ are synonyms.”

“The moment you feel like giving up that´s the moment you los”

“The moment you feel like giving up that´s the moment you lose”

“One can be lonely irrespective of place, if there is no one with familiar face.
One can grow tired of being on the move, if there’s no purpose and nothing to prove.
But there’s always a place for a nomad like me; new friends to be made, adventures to see.
Let go of the plans, change tactics and hence; Whatever might happen turns out to make sense.”


“Peut-être était-ce seulement en se perdant que l'on cherchait à se trouver.”


“Forgiving someone doesn’t mean pretending nothing happened. Rather, it means releasing the burden of anger and obsession so you can move on with your life.”


“Thought for the day: we have far too many of them. And we prize them too highly; more so than we do the power of silence, mindfulness and pure kindness.”

“All you need is Faith, Trust and a little Pixie Dust”


“Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!”

“If you never want to be criticized,
for goodness' sake, don't do anything new.”

“When dictatorship becomes a fact, revolution becomes a right!”

“The runway splayed out at her feet and at its height were the limits of the world.”

“Non vorrei essere nella tua pelle se uno di questi giorni ti colgono in flagrante, Nella mia pelle non ci potresti essere, tu sei solo un soffitto di stucco, Si, ma anche quello che vedi di me è una pelle, e d'altro canto la pelle è tutto quanto vogliamo che gli altri vedano di noi, sotto la pelle neanche noi stessi riusciamo a sapere chi siamo.”


“Hoffnung ist ein kostbares Gut, nicht wahr? [...] Und doch wissen wir sie erst zu schätzen, wenn sie fort ist.”


“Non c'è niente di più stancante del dover lottare, non con il proprio spirito, ma con un'astrazione.”


“if you decide to do perfect for something,
you will get only perfection.
But if you hope to do perfect for something by your soul,
you will get more than perfection...”

“If life is a song, you must be the superb lyrics to a sweet melody.”


“It's an amazing time to be a female founder.”


“Life is an Echo. What you send out- comes back. What you sow- you reap. What you give - you get. What you see in others - exists in you. Do not judge - so you will NOT be judged Radiate and give love - and love comes back to you.”

“Ras yang dipanggil keluar oleh seni atau filsafat bukanlah ras yang mengaku murni melainkan kaum tertindas, bajingan, rendah, anarkis, nomaden, dan ras minor yang kukuh .
(Deleuze dan Guattari 1994: 109)”

“And my advice to anyone who wants to be a writer? Read a lot, listen to people’s conversations, be observant about the details of your world, and especially about human behaviour and interaction, and persist in your writing, being single-minded to the point of obsession…never give up, always believe in yourself despite all evidence to the contrary, and hold out for what you first dreamed of.”


“Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta”

“Happy New Year' is a festive form of address often uttered without thinking. Yet how many souls will in fact be happy in the coming year is a taxing question requiring a great deal more thought.”



“Red onion skins and New Year's Eve have much in common - they both peel away to reveal new vibrancy.”


“Each day is an opportunity for you to expand your horizon, to achieve your maximum potential. You may have encountered some obstacles along the way, but don't allow those moments to hinder your progress. In life, we all faces challenges that we must overcome. The importance is to learn from those difficulties and become stronger.”


“once there was, once there wasn't, God's creature were as plentiful as grains and talking too much was a sin.”


“Even before you start regretting it, it is already in the past.”

“You will breathe throughout your life, every moment of it, but an opportunity like this comes once in a lifetime, and not even to everyone. Go for it!”


“We all have a mission. And that mission is to love ourselves, love each other, help one another and leave this world in a better place because we lived on it.”

“Let your personality be your profit and not your punishment.”

“Sometimes when life doesn't work out as you planned, there is a greater force at work.”


“Loving yourself is of vital importance. Because there is no way you'll love another soul if you fail to have self love. Embrace your beautiful spirit and shine light for those who may be living in the dark. You are human and your heart is designed to love and live. You can not be open to love if you're not loving yourself.”


“Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start the day for you. Have some at lunchtime and again at dinner too. It will energise and sustain you - the whole day through. But it will also leave you room, power and the thirst to do what you need to do and contribute.”

“Take some time and figure out what you desire most from life. Wherever your desire is, your heart will be also. Seek the opportunity to become greater than your circumstances. You may not be where you want to be. But if you continue pushing forward and striving at a steady pace, you'll get there. All things take time.”


“Our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.”

“It's not a matter of whether you want happiness. We all need peace, love, and happiness. But, if you fail to nurture your spirit, by absorbing all things good and giving attention to the matters of your heart, it will be hard to obtain. It must radiate from inside of you. Then, flow outwardly penetrating everyone around you.”


“There will be people who admire your strength and courage. But, there will also be those willing to knock everything you say and do. They think it goes unnoticed, but you have excellent peripheral vision. The trick is to never let them get the best of you. Don't become vulnerable to their deceptive nature. You were born to succeed.”


“No one can destroy the love God has for you. When you abide in truth, you also abide in love. And truth is evidence of love. Nothing can destroy the power of trusting and loving unconditionally.”

“es ist, als mache man ferien von sich selbst. als würde man sich ganz neu entdecken.”


“Don't get so lost in their words. Pay attention to their actions”


“It takes a strong individual to live passionately, and with having quality in their conviction, that sets the results one achieves.”

“Worldliness is not so much what we do, it's what we want to do. It's an issue of the heart.”

“God will sometimes test us in regard to what we value highly to make sure that we value Him most.”


“Be thankful for the blessings already on their way. And don’t be surprised if one of your blessings is to be the blessing for someone else.”


“Zumindest werde ich unter demselben Himmel sein, wohin auch immer es mich verschlägt. Hazel und ich werden wenigstens auf dieselben Sterne schauen.”


“Help everyone and inspire others to help many more”

“This year life may not go exactly as planned. But that’s okay; I love surprises.”


“We don't get to see ourselves the way the Lord sees us, but we can choose to believe what He says about us.”

“I know better than anyone that sometimes a possibility is enough to keep a person going, even if it never becomes a reality.”


“Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start anything that you need to do - it will nourish and sustain you...and others too. Hankering will leave you hungry - or with with heart, head or belly ache - and tends to have or leave a sour or bitter taste too.”

“Gratitude is the best food to start and sustain you. Hankering creates hunger, unhappiness, bellyache, headache and heartache - and often leaves a bitter taste”

“Faith makes all things possible. Hope makes all things work. Love makes all things beautiful.”

“Art is an adventure. When it ceases to be an adventure, it ceases to be art. Not all of us pursue the inaccessible landscapes of the twelve-tone scale, just as not all of us strive for inaccessible mountain-tops, or glory in storms at sea. But the human incidence is there. Could it be that these two impractical pursuits — of beauty and of adventure’s embrace — are simply two differing profiles of the same uniquely human reality?”

“Hope
your time from the end of the year to
start of a new year
always sounds 'it will be happier and fruitful'...”

“Few of us realize our potential; because if we did, we would pursue our passion and walk in our purpose.”

“When you are at your lowest point, those that stay at your side will love you the most in hopes of helping to see you through your pain.”

“Man is neither unique nor central nor necessarily here to stay. But he is a product of circumstances special to the point of disbelief. And if man in his current predicament seeks a fair mystique to see him through, then I can only suggest that he consider his genes. For they are marked. They are graven by luck beyond explanation. They are stamped by forces that we shall never know. But even so, in the hieroglyph of the human emergence certain symbols must stand for all to read: Change is the elixir of the human circumstance, and acceptance of challenge the way of our kind. We are bad-weather animals, disaster’s fairest children. For the soundest of evolutionary reasons man appears at his best when times are worst.”



“Control your emotions! Discipline your mind!”


“Start reading a book today, and you'll end up writing one tomorrow.”

“Although some say it is both a blessing and a curse to feel so deeply, I will take sensitivity over indifference every time.”


“When everything seems hopeless, turn your mind toward the three people who mean most to you in this world. Think about what you must mean to them, and from those thoughts of those three people will stem all the hope and meaning you’ll need to fight through.”

“Some people say that poetry is a dying art but how can something that is dying breathe life into other art forms and make it new and vibrant.”

“If you try to be everywhere at once, you won't be anywhere at all.”

“when you loose everything , remember one thing , their is always hope for everything .”

“I will do today what others won't, so I can do tomorrow what others can't.”

“One thing my father always tells me is; always do the right thing, stop the people that don’t”.”

“Lose yourself in the music, not the fog”

“Dreams are the Universe's plea for expansion.”


“I'm not getting older... I'm getting better!”

“It is not a problem; it is an opportunity to make a change.”

“if it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.”

“Spend the day appreciating every little thing that comes your way, and you’ll end the day feeling deeply grateful for your life.”

“to understand the real reasons to uphold humility, know your real roots, remember death and study the masses”

“People know you for what you’ve done, not for what you plan to do.”

“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.”

“Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.”

“Let not our trials of this day be our final sentence. For our difficulties of today is definitely shared by another in our world. Therefore, be encouraged and don't give up because tomorrow a new dawn will surely shine, and once we have life we have the most precious gift-Genevieve Sarpong.”

“The shortest answer is the doing the thing.”

“It's not about what you say but its about what you do.”

“The Secrets of' series of books by psychotherapist D. U. Sivri are designed to give you a better outlook on life. The author is an expert and skillfully gets you thinking about your life and how it is unfolding. He challenges you and gives you the tools to build a better life.”


“Be what you are, do what you want. Treat others how you want to because equality in this time is just a humour.”

“Be kind. Be kind to others, be kind to animals, be kind to yourself. Smile at the mailman, pet your dog, buy yourself an ice cream cone. Spreading kindness in this world is the noblest thing a person can do.”

“I think it is a sad tragedy that in this world, we so many times forget a person when they are alive and only remember them when they are gone. Far better to remember them when you can see their face and hear their voice and cherish the person rather than just cherish a memory.”



“Motorcycle adventures are the perfect antidote to middle age.”


“It is not the rough times endured that define your relationship, it's how you deal with them and bounce back.”

“Positive assumptions are needed only when you have negative assumptions that you’re trying to overcome. But when you drop your assumptions altogether, your soul stands naked in the open fields of possibility. And what you choose to create from that space is up to you.”


“Person who is truly positive in nature suffers a lot but they can find way to jump out of it. In fact any kind of problem they face helps them to create new ideas, indirectly helping society to upgrade positively. But person who is positive only from outer personality always suffers more then person who is truly positive because they can’t find way out of problems for themselves and later for this society.”

“First dates are great ways to see how someone acts when putting his best foot forward.”


“It is important to live authentically who you are, to show yourself to your date as the bond between you builds.”


“The secret to consciously dating is letting your heart be your guide.”


“I receive the blessing of past dates, the lessons and the joy, and let the rest go now for all time.”


“Nonconformity in dating is all about being authentic and true to yourself.”


“Remember, you are powerful and you can always reclaim your space.”


“When a person speaks of what they want most in life but doesn't follow it with relentless action then the thing they most desired will never appear.”

“Spiritual dating requires you both to have the ability to stay present in the moment and expand together.”


“The spirit of fun keeps your dating life interesting and not boring.”


“As you open to love, you can begin the process of defining your intentions for your dating life.”


“People in your life leave you a rhyme,
On leaving they leave a new footprint in the Sands of Time.”

“Give and share knowledge to the young and brave,
For knowledge in this world comes for free,
All you need is to keep your ears open, senses unbroken, taste buds ringing and keen eyes to see,
Learn and help them learn in your lifetime too,
So that like me in peace to the world you might say Adieu.”

“You jealous souls are primeval without a doubt,
Teach yourself to eat better instead of trying to eat one's heart out.”


“There was a product which seemed attractive, expensive, portable, beautiful and simple. Everybody talked about its beauty but they bought it for it's simplicity.”

“Keeping it real" isn't just a matter of facing up to harsh facts. It also includes opening up to the plethora of possibilities that offer us ways of impacting the world in spite of adversity.”


“Mental and emotional freedom is not the denial of truth — it’s the recognition that truth isn't something we need to run from or be afraid of.”


“Spiritual dating is a way to date and enjoy yourself that is emotionally safer, gentler, and infinitely more pleasurable than regular dating.”


“The problem with feelings is neither that our moods fluctuate nor that our emotions seem to fail us. The greater dilemma is that most have only learned how to dance to one type of feeling.”


“a great reason why a gloomy history may repeat itself is that we may have neglected what history did. When we neglect what history did, history visits us in the same cloth”

“Spiritual dating is the emotionally healthy way of dating as a conscious, empowered woman.”


“I cheated on my fears and broke up with my doubts.
I got engaged to faith, now marrying my dreams and soon, I will be holding hands with destiny! - Anonymous”

“With a modest amount of looks and talent and more than a modicum of serendipity, I've managed to stretch my 15 minutes of fame into more than half a century of good fortune.”

“Courage sometimes skips a whole generation; make sure it doesn't happen to your's. Make your stand & make it now.”

“Spiritual dating is your ticket to a happy, fulfilling love life.”


“When you keep hitting walls of resistance in life, the universe is trying to tell you that you are going the wrong way. It's like driving a bumper car at an amusement park. Each time you slam into another car or the edge of the track, you are forced to change direction.”



“There is a journey that’s waiting for you, you will make great discoveries, you will find treasures and hidden powers, it’s a journey divinely design just for you, Today be brave in self-love and start the journey within yourself, There God is waiting to show you his masterpiece of love.”

“Never pass on an opportunity to say thank you or give recognition for a job well done”

“It takes drive to move from potential to reality.”


“Life is about dreaming bigger and dream more”.”

“If it isn't one blessing, it's another!”

“In every aspect of life, be true to who you are. There is no need to communicate subliminally. If you believe in your words or actions, then express yourself completely. Live, Laugh, & Love without regrets.”


“Considering how dangerous everything is, nothing is really very frightening.”

“You deserve to be unleashed. Bliss is your birthright.”

“And I know few would believe me but belief is what drives a man,
If all of us long for the Golden Age, then we all can,
Bring the days filled with peace, prosperity, generosity, love and fearless nigh',
We all must believe something to survive, I believe in the serene age lost in seasons gone by.”


“Spiritual dating is about listening to your instincts and not rushing into anything.”

“Dating from the place of internal emotional safety tells your being that you will care for it well.”


“A red flag signal is usually a knowing feeling.  Listen to your instincts!”

“When you are an aware, conscious woman, you date with authority.”


“Being fully present on a date allows magic to happen.”

“If only more people lusted to be kind than lusted to be rich, then maybe we could begin to know true wealth.”


“The key to your happiness is to validate all your needs.”


“You do not need a date or a partner to be happy and satisfied.  That’s just icing on the cake of your already beautiful life.”


“You will find exactly what you need at the exact right time.”


“The more conscious you are, the more you realize the importance of awareness.”


“Flaws and strengths, they are all uniquely you and worthy of true respect.”


“Eject old, phantom energies of shame and embarrassment and fully inhabit your body!”


“An energetically clear and clean energy body fosters optimum health and happiness.”


“Energetically cleansing your energy body will help you “broadcast” who you are in a clearer, more resonant manner.”


“Doubting yourself shows up when you don’t listen to your intuition.”


“To know what you want, you need to know yourself.”


“Seeing and feeling your intentions are the precursors of living them in the world of magnetic attraction.”


“Be strong and solid in your uniqueness.”


“Choosing your flirtations consciously shows emotional maturity.”


“When dating, emotionally reveal yourself in increments that are congruent with your comfort level.”


“You’ve got to reach bedrock to become depressed enough before you are forced to accept the reality and enormity of the problem.”



“I do not claim that love will be easy,
only that it is worth it. Choose love. Always.”

“It's not what you look at that matters, It's what you see”


“Growing up watching friends grow, from friends to lovers. Opens the eyes of many every time. Proving in this lifetime, real love still lives.”

“No matter how dark your night, my friend, may you always find enough light to take the next step.”

“If you are not EXCITED enough at your present life its mean your future is not EXITING. Excitement will give you ENTHUSIASM and enthusiasm will give you a positive energetic LIFE STYLE which could give you a successful exiting life…”

“Life is not complicated or finicky, it will gladly take you anywhere you choose to go.”

“If the original architects of the 'European dream' were to wake from their slumber, they would no doubt be turning in their graves at the threats to the Union posed by today's unparalleled mass migration and surge in home grown terrorism. Luckily for them, it is the nightmare of Europe's current leaders to ponder the challenges of reinstating national borders, curbing free movement of people, combating extremism, all of which in turn may lead to disintegration of the European Union itself and all that it stands for.”


“As I start each day I have a blank canvas. I will make every effort to fill it with color.”

“Your traditional EDUCATION is not going to CHANGE your life but the life you are experiencing that can change you. Choose a POSITIVE life STYLE with positive ATTITUDE which could bring you a life with HAPPINESS and WISDOM”

“Whatever God permits to happen in your life is a gift to you. God has two goals...His Glory and Your Good!”

“Your VISION and your self-willingness is the MOST powerful elements to conquer your goal”

“Within every heart's Winter sleeps the promise of Spring.”

“Time is the most valuable commodity we have to offer the world. Don't be afraid to share.”

“Help the Unfortunate Today. They may become your Mentors Tomorrow.”

“It takes a strong gut to reach for a dream. With an extra ordinary effort and a strong conviction to God, nothing is impossible. Indeed, God can move mountains, create stars, new stars like me, walk on the water and can do anything powerful. It does not matter. Dreams can be achieved if you truly believe in Him and in thy self. Put Him in the center of your Life and no ordinary means can stop you. God is always good.”


“Making something is Hard
Making something you don't even CARE ABOUT is
EVEN HARDER .”

“I only ever wanted to feel more human.”

“This world,people around is a mirror where you see your deeds,your life and your behavior reflected back as you behave.”


“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”


“Create always: As God has seen fit in His perfection to give you such abilities, work and share of your gifts.”

“Autumn is a momentum of the natures golden beauty…, so the same it’s time to find your momentum of life”

“REJECTION is kind of your negative ILLUSION which has no value but it’s give you a CLUE to go for next level of your ACTION.”

“in order to see, we must first open our eyes.”


“Your past doesn’t have to
determine your future.”


“CONFIDENCE is not showing off your VANITY, it’s about to be HUMBLED and KIND to others what are you truly SKILLED and PROFESSIONAL about…”

“How you think and create your inner world that you gonna become in your outer world. Your inner believe manifest you in the outside”

“Is it not enough to dip your tongue into myself and write poetry?”

“Is it not enough to dip your tongue into my soul and write poetry?”

“My heart filled with endless praise.”


“Pain and love cannot be in the same space. You can never love anyone in pain. You cannot truly love yourself in pain. The more pain you carry in your heart, the harder it becomes to love anyone including yourself.”

“I want them to see the magic of how everything is related: To walk out into the night and see the Green Corn Moon levitate across the sky.”

“The sky is not the limit. You are your limits. Break them today!”
– Manos Filippou, Author”



“Some things must remain the same in order for the universe to flow properly. One pebble dashed out across the ocean leaves a lifetime of ripples. They call it the butterfly effect.”

“Your inner strength will lead you into a victorious future”


“I do not understand when a person is more concerned with the appearance of their house than the state of their home.”

“I want them to whisper my stories of enchanted birds, ancestral traditions,and smooth brown turtles as if they were incantations.”

“When I leave this earthly home and go up to God to dwell, someone will look on the heaped up grave and whisper, "She tried to do well.”

“One more soldier of the Cross has taken up his crown; one more beloved member of our church has gone to the great assembly above; one more Christian has triumphed in the living Faith; one more flower is planted and harvested in the garden of God's Kingdom.”

“How cruel is the golden rule
When the lives we lived are only golden-plated?
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me
Though I carried carats for everyone to see.
And I saw God cry in the reflection of my enemies
And all the lovers with no time for me
And all of the mothers raise their babies
To stay away from me.
Tongues on the sockets of electric dreams
Where the sewage of youth drowned the spark of my teens
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me (too heavy for me)
Though I carried carats for everyone to see (everyone to see).
And pray they don't grow up to be”


“Be the good, kind, lovable person you want to see in the world. Every action counts and the more people who behave and act with love and caring the more the world becomes a better place. We can do this!”

“There’s some comfort in seeing things go on; birds keep singing, buses keep running. But if you want those things to continue, perhaps you have to accept that the other kinds of things, unhappier, even horrific ones, will continue too. And that’s harder.”


“Life has been dark but full of light; sad, but full of joy; disappointing, but full of hope; needy but full of plenty, sick but full of health.”

“It's just past eight and I'm feeling young and reckless. The ribbon on my wrist says "Do not open before Christmas." Only liars, but we're the best. Only good for the latest trends. Only good cuz you can have almost famous friends, besides we've got such good fashion sense.”


“The universe has no restrictions. You place restrictions on the universe with your expectations.”

“The oceans and the skies…and the sun coming up each new day. That’s all there is, I think. That’s all that matters to think on.”


“I had a love affair with life, and as is the custom, I will lose, but will regain a greater love with my heavenly Father.”

“She was only a dew drop that sparkled a short while under the brilliant rays of heaven's sunlight.”

“I trust when trials will come no more, someone will miss me as never before; and those I always loved the best will know Mamma is now at rest.”

“Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds' influence on the lives of many people in Louisiana and elsewhere has been immeasurable. Countless hundreds will rise up in the last day to call her 'blessed.”

“If ever there breathed a human soul who took personally the experience of Jesus reading from the Prophet Esaias, it was the Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds.”

“If you want a happy Christ-centered marriage, you must be centered in Christ!”


“Positivity is good, but positivity that is rooted in God is power”


“Steadfastness in obedience to God is not a choice to make but a lifestyle to live out.”

“With deep emotion, genuine poise, and true dignity, Reverend Mrs. Ada Slaton Bonds became the first lady of the cloth in the Louisiana Presbytery.”

“No woman will be licensed to preach in the Louisiana Presbytery as long as I'm a member of it!”

“I want to be like Jesus in my heart.”

“I Might never find that love my heart has always desired, but I know I will succeed before I die.”

“Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.”

“When you cure a blind person, he or she is not a statistic.”

“Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.”

“Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.”

“Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”

“We hurt ourselves much more than anyone can hurt us just by believing the stupid thoughts we get sometimes.”



“I am not sure that you can be taught how to love. In many ways it is innate - just watch and see what small child effortlessly does. But you can be invited to it and reminded of it.”

“It takes a rare person to care the same or more about you than themselves. So, until you find that person, please look after yourself.”


“I danced with my shadows until they became part of my light.”

“Често не можеш да познаеш злото, защото то има най-обикновеното лице на света”


“Peace and love, that's what we all need.”

“Maybe God created the rain to remind us that life isn't always a sunny day.”

“God is like a lover. Sometimes he gives you so much pain that staying alive seems like a punishment but in the next moment he shows you so much love, affection and care that you forget all your pains. Yes, the wounds can’t be healed completely but god compensates it with other happiness.”


“He typed "she lived alone except for a nameless cat." Moon River song in Breakfast at Tiffanies.”

“If you have allowed a laborious lifestyle to suppress your dreams, then NOW is the time to take a STAND and give yourself PERMISSION to DREAM again! Now remove the clutter in your life and make PLANS to make your dreams a reality.”

“What really annoys me very often is when People start comparing two individuals. This clearly indicates that they have not lived their life at all. They are insulting themselves by resorting to these practices. They do not have even an iota of understanding as to how unique and gifted they are. Once you start living intensely, only then will you come to recognize your self, then you will be surprised how different you are, in your responses, in your actions - In Your Individuality, only then will you appreciate the uniqueness of others, not before. So, start living joyously, Celebrate Life!”

“– Знаеш ли, Калояне, че живеем в свят на царе и пешки? Пешките винаги ги хвърлят първи в играта. Правят своите малки незначителни ходове и единствената им цел е да загинат, за да опазят царя, на когото не му пука за тях, защото иска да оцелее и е готов да жертва всичко за това.”


“I have learned that ...the seat of all the conflict......... is your own mind ....”

“We can hurt ourselves much more than anyone can hurt us just by believing the stupid thoughts we get sometimes.”


“To discover the source of this alchemical love within is to uncover the deepest secrets of the soul. It is to unearth and align with the ultimate truth of who we are.”


“Kekalahan hanya sebuah kata. Kekalahan adalah awal dari sebuah kemenangan.”

“Awaken each day with the expectation that something wonderful is about to happen.”

“In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!”

“Life is neither misery nor bliss. Life is an empty canvas, paint your life with color of your choice, start with a day. Let horses of your imagination run wild.”

“Life is all about transforming yourself from the person you’re into the person you want to be”.”

“Educate your consciounse not be ignorant, for out of ignorance comes misery in it's greatest form.”

“Over time, your actions betray your heart - for good or for evil.”

“When you remove yourself from what is no longer healthy for you, great things begin to surface.”

“After hard work has conspicuously laid a solid foundation, crowds will jostle to nudge the capstone in place.”

“When the resurrection sings itself in the robin's glad song, and bursting buds defy the death grip of winter, and you walk upon the yielding earth near my grave...remember that my soul is not there, but rather it is absent from the body and present with the Lord.”

“Because I was not superhuman, I was just a human, and my attempts to be this superman, this Telon star, someone infallible who everyone could look at as the perfect man, were eventually my downfall.
Of course, I still write down my goals, I still see the value in being fit and doing my job well. But trying to be perfect will leave you empty-handed, whereas trying to do your best will keep you fulfilled. The best you can do is always good. I realized you don't have to be perfect, you just have to be faithful in your attempts.”


“If I run, i will make sure that you'll not find me until you know where i will return.”

“If someone tries to pull you down, it only means you are above them.”

“ياخلق فاتحة الباب علي الآخر
انا مش معاكم هنا .. وم الآخر
خايف لَدوري يجيني والادوار
ماتسبش حد يعيشها للآخر”

“Feeling like, life has been so unfair to me, but what can I say except, "I'm still here." So I'm determined to make the best out of it, take every opportunity as a blessing, and live the rest of my life to the fullest.”

“You are exactly who you were meant to be. You are perfectly made and a valuable gift to this world. You are a reflection, a manifestation of My love.”

“Go! Yes, You! Go! I will not force you to like me; I will not force you to love me. Unconditional love has a condition inside it but there is no you in me. If I know my real me, then I know your real you. I know your value in me and I also know my value in you. If your value is not in me and my value is not in you, then I will not force you to like me; I will not force you to love me, so go!”

“Once we stop learning, we start dying”

“If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.”

“Inspire yourself in order to motivate others, that will later become inspired by you.”



“Change only happens when it starts with a change in you.”

“Do not let the day end without you asking yourself one great question. So many things do question our thoughts. Questions of all forms and from all spheres of life do bother us. Sometimes, questions are the best answers to questions. When you ponder over a question, ask another question which will questing the question. Mostly, the best answers to questions are the best questions. Questions that questing the questions rightly give the right answers. Remember, never a day without a great question!”

“Self acceptance is pure power.”

“No puedes hablar de amor hasta que las cosas vayan mal y consigas superarlas. El amor no son flores y violines. Y tampoco lo es el buen sexo. El amor es lealtad. Es resistir en la batalla, luchar hombro con hombro. La nieve golpeándonos la cara. Los pies envueltos en harapos. La nariz congelada...”

“If you encountered God as a real person, would you be the same person afterwards? Probably not, people of faith are not always your great leaders or folks with worldly confidence. They are often the glue that keeps things together.They are helping folks out because God is with them. When you take them out, everything falls apart.”


“Success alone cannot make life tasteful. It needs little failure too. Remember this when you face failure.”

“Si tienes un sueño, no lo abandones por parecer imposible;la persistencia es el camino para que sea una realidad tan necesaria como lo es el aire para poder vivir.”

“New media is the modern day gold rush.”


“Whatever it is you want in this life, be it material things, a place you want to be, or an experience you want to have, you must first make it real in the realm of your consciousness.”

“Keep a relentless eye on your goals! Perseverance, joyful dedication, and unwavering focus will get you there!”

“We dream of the future, to distract ourselves from the present, in order to forget the past.
Heal the past, live in the present and don’t rush to the future. Life is a journey and it will all be over before you know it.”

“You can talk about everything, your deepest struggles and your most terrific happiness, with a #supersoulfriend. Send your #SSF a hug today!”

“Every now and then when I feel the doubt, I look inside myself and I see the way. The whole world full of possibilities. So you could be you and I could be me.”

“So many things could happen with a hard work"....”

“Each relationship is an elaborate and complex dance of energetic exchange.”


“When my inner child tries to hold me back, I ignore the uproar and run the other way.”

“Nothing is more honorable than a man or woman with a good reputation.”

“Have faith in yourself and your ability to make conscious, healthy decisions.”


“Never spend so much time preparing to live, that you forget to actually live.”


“List down all your distractions, all your addictions, all your hang-ups, and all your toxic relationships. Then cut them out of your life so you can finally move forward.”

“Success can only be acquired if you let your hands sweat, you cannot achieve success by sitting and letting your butt do the work.”

“A prestigious life should be structured around the love you have for yourself, for love never discourages you; and not on tangible resources that dwindle away when you need them the most.”

“That's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does.”



“You're not a priority if you're an option, you are a percentage. A percentage of that other person's time and effort. The size of the pie never changes, the slices do.”

“Truth is, moments come to an end. That's how memories are created.”

“One size may fit all, but no footprint is the same. The right path for you may be a few steps to the left.”

“You are what you believe yourself to be.”

“I have often reread my early progress reports and seen the illiteracy, the childish naivete, the mind of low intelli­gence peering from a dark room, through the keyhole, at the dazzling light outside. In my dreams and memories I've seen Charlie smiling happily and uncertainly at what people around him were saying. Even in my dullness I knew I was inferior. Other people had something I lacked— something denied me. In my mental blindness, I had be­lieved it was somehow connected with the ability to read and write, and I was sure that if I could get those skills I would have intelligence too.
Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men.”

“Exhaust life, don't let it exhaust you.”

“Consistency builds trust, confidence builds character.”

“Spare no expense when the investment is thyself.”

“Don't resent the artist for painting the wrong picture of you after you provided the colors of your character.”

“The quest of validation is undeniable. Yet let your search begin where it should end, always within. Or seek endlessly.”

“Success appeals to the eye, but it's the journey that captures the heart.”

“Value is the unseen reflection in the mirror. If you don't see it, neither will anyone else.”

“True strength resides in the heart, alongside beauty. So when in distress remember that you are courageously beautiful.”

“Feeling is to know. Consciously understand that feeling is living.”

“...nije ipak potrebno vinuti se do sama sunca nego se dovući do nekog čistog mjestašca na zemlji koje sunce kadikad obasja i na kojem se čovjek može malo ugrijati.”

“Let everyday be an inch closer to worthwhile and an inch away from meaningless.”

“It took me 25 years for me to realize who I am. Now I'm going to use the next 75 years to focus on how I want to be remembered. One quarter down, three to go!”

“The day I realized that sunshine doesn't satisfy everyone. It gave me an understanding of true contentment, which will always be found internally.”

“Today's progress, was once yesterday's discussion. Speak aloud, see it through, and most importantly believe!”

“Being passionate and doing good things for the community is always a good choice.”

“Disappointment resides in expectation. Showing a little regard creates consideration, which results in understanding. Steps to a peace of mind.”

“Life's true test of perseverance is continuing to run after learning that the finish line is only the start to a new race.”

“A difference of opinion does two things if you allow it, expands the mind and widens the heart.”

“Love has no limits, which is why we fall impulsively into the depths of our feelings.”

“Before proving it to someone else, I had to be able to prove it to myself.”

“Sometimes life is nothing more that a mere constant battle of tug and war between what's best for you and what makes you happy.”

“When speaking hope that clarity is found in your message even when it's not accepted.”

“If you are wasting time , wasting money ....”

“Support can come from many, but growth is only achieved by the individual.”

“We believe and we hold our beliefs to be true and sacred until the day we discover that we were duped. The end of belief is a challenging moment. You feel lonely, unconnected, with nothing to hang on. Your life becomes empty and aimless. You curse the day doubt entered your mind but you cannot undo the damage. You need to find a new direction for your life, something new to hang your hope on to continue living. And most of the time that thing is you. At that junction in life you will need to believe in you to continue living.”



“We are all beautiful instruments of God. He created many notes in music so that we would not be stuck playing the same song. Be music always. Keep changing the keys, tones, pitch, and volume of each of the songs you create along your journey and play on. Nobody will ever reach ultimate perfection in this lifetime, but trying to achieve it is a full-time job. Start now and don't stop. Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society, tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.”


“Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.”


“Fight gravity and fly away. Reach new horizons and expand yourself”


“Our eyes captures thousands of beautiful pictures everyday.”

“once a year go some place you've never been before”

“Success is contagious when you surround yourself with people who refuse to let you down.”

“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.”

“We believe and we hold our beliefs to be true and sacred until the day we discover that we were duped. The end of belief is a challenging moment. You feel lonely, unconnected, with nothing to hang on. Your life becomes empty and aimless. You curse the day doubt entered your mind but you cannot undo the damage. You need to find a new direction for your life, something new to hang your hope on to continue living. And most of the time that thing is you. At that junction in life you will need to believe in yourself to continue living.”


“If you want to awaken all of humanity,
then awaken all of yourself.
If you want to eliminate suffering in the world,
then eliminate all that is dark and negative in yourself.
For truly, the greatest gift you have to offer humanity,
is your own transformation.
~Lao Tzu”

“One must indeed test the strings to this life, bounce the bow, wet the mouthpiece, prepare for the deeper music that follows.”


“sé fuerte, más fuerte que el viento, que las olas del mar, que los rayos del sol, que un huracán, no dejes que nada ni nadie frustre tus sueños y nunca permitas que la flama de la alegría se acabe en ti, ya que si eso pasa estarás muerto en vida”


“Still much better off Sid, things could have been much worse.
The ‘Sky’ is only the ‘lower’ limit, to thee is the Universe.”


“Decide what to be and go be it.”

“Sometimes the greatest blessings emerge from the darkest of hours.”

“Decide what to be and go be it.”

“The success in the information age depends upon an important strategies and tactics...”

“Believing in the inherent good of humankind is akin to having faith. It is to believe in something that may not be readily apparent.”


“If someone hates you so much that they try to hurt you, defending yourself is not being aggressive, it is doing what’s necessary.”


“WE WERE MADE BY GOD FOR GOD,WITHOUT GOD THEIR IS NO LIFE”

“I admit there are some beliefs upon which I do pass judgment and this is one of them: any belief that calls for the enslavement, maiming, or killing of another is corrupt, primitive, and never divinely inspired.”


“Free your mind, become who you are.. the mind is the biggest drug.. and everyone is addicted.”

“Two Wrongs Don't Make a Right, nor do Two Rights Make a Left.
Which ever side you think is Correct. Great. That is what resonates with your perception... Dive deep within yourself to discover why you think you need to judge or change the person in your perception.. when the real change is the reflection in the mirror..reflected by the person you are trying to change... out of fear. Fear is the negative energies keeping you from the light of truth.
Be Yourself and Honor others for who they are. If we were all the same.. the world wouldn't have so many pretty colors and changes.”

“There are those who Dream and Wish and those who Dream and Work .”

“Advice from a tree : I wasn't always up high, I started as a seed,battled every weather and never stopped growing.”

“En el mar los pensamientos fluyen, la conciencia se diluye”


“As I awaken in the mornings I have visions... in the moment, the sun is either going to set or its going to rise... because if it should not do either.. the planet would not evolve. We are all apart of the Universe.. for if we do or we don't will have the same impact.”

“You are hard character of mine and I am soft character of yours. Practically saying you are like ice and I am like water. So how can Ice and water be different. If we understand their eternal characters we come to know that they are same i.e. H20 (water). Only the way of their uses are different but both have same goals”

“There is no bad.. nor good.. there just is.. and that is the present moment. How does that look.. depends on where you are along the journey.. Blink.. and the perception can change.”

“Find your passion, it makes all the difference.”

“You deserve respect and appreciation. A person who doesn't have respect for themselves will more than likely not give it to you. You have to set the standard for yourself by not allowing the insolence.”



“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”

“Whenever you hold a grudge towards someone, you're only hurting you. Because the other person could care less about the emotions you're going through. Their main objective was to hurt you. Now you must let go, move on, and focus on your life. Don't continue to burden your spirit.”


“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”

“Power up your intelligence. Hit that creativity button.”

“In life we meet people and they come and go. But, only God will remain the same. Despite what others think, God's love is eternal. No matter who abandons you, God will never leave or forsake you.”


“People spend their entire lives searching the world for the pieces that will make them whole, yet those pieces are only found within them.”

“Sometimes you just have to step outside the box and take a leap of faith. You may not be able to see what's on the other side, but you can't remain in the same place. Fear is what keeps you there. If you want something badly enough you'll take the steps to get there. If you believe it, then you can achieve it.”


“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”

“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”

“A child thinks and acts like a child. But when you are grown, you act and think like an adult. Too many people are still childish and immature and fail to realize it's a setback in their lives.”


“Your past is your story. Your story is your most powerful asset. Embrace it.”


“Wisdom comes from life experience; life experience is the result of repeatedly taking corrective action while courageously learning from mistakes.”

“People come and people go, but God's love for you remains the same. No matter who decides to walk out on you. God will never leave you nor forsake you. His love is eternal.”


“The meaning of bravery is more than the act of being strong, it is also about letting go of what you cannot control and trusting the unknown.”

“When you first meet a person, sometimes they'll pretend to be all that you like. Deception is hard to predict instantly at times, but if you hang with them for a while their true colors will eventually begin to show.”


“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”

“I help people define and achieve their definition of success by providing information, motivation, and inspiration through writing books and coaching.”

“No battle is ever lost ...
The Struggle of Change IS all ways Winning !”

“In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful. Praise be to Allah The Cherisher and Sustainer of the Worlds. Most Gracious, Most Merciful, Master of the Day of Judgment. Thee do we worship, And Thine aid we seek. Show us the straight way, The way of those on whom thou has bestowed they Grace, Those whose portion is not wrath. and who go not astray. (Quaran first chapter, recited at every prayer, but in Arabic.)”

“Be true to who you are. Don't let the world tell you who to be.”

“She looked not like a mother in her thirties, but like the girl he had fallen in love with, and he loved her still. She would always be that girl to him, no matter what happened. That was love, after all, the ability to see one's youthful beloved in the aging stranger with her face. He would always love her, he thought. He was made to love her.”


“God is love. When people claim to speak for God, there should be love in their words.”


“In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.”


“It was by Anandamayi Ma: “Be anchored in fearlessness. What is worldly life but fear!”


“If you really want to be a witch, nothing you have to do will seem like too much. If you don't really want to be a witch, everything will seem like too much.”

“Time is valuable in life. You can show someone how much you appreciate them by giving your time. A good amount of time goes by each day. Spending time with the ones you love shows them how much you care.”


“Learn to motivate yourself today—then you can inspire others tomorrow.”


“IF YOU THINK I AM A GREAT MAN TODAY, THEN JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE MI TOMORROW...”

“Tough times don't last always. Your hard times are there to shape you and develop your character. It causes you to become more aware of life and you develop an attitude of gratitude. Don't lose hope because it gets better.”


“Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”

“I am not aiming to become anyone or anything but my full self”



“Nothing in the Universe exists solely for itself. You are not alive just for the sake of being alive. The purpose of your life is much bigger than your life so if all you think about is your life, then you're missing out on the purpose for your life.”

“Too many people want to have mountaintop experiences at rock-bottom prices and that just doesn't work. Greatness doesn't come at a discount. If you want true greatness, you have to pay the full price for it.”

“We are drawn to greatness because there's something about the greatness in others that speaks to us about our own possibilities.”

“The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation.”

“The moment is not over when you have found the right fit in your style. Begin with knowing who you really are and apologize for nothing. There are no mistakes when it comes to personal expression.”

“Loyalty - it's that thing that most people leave behind when it stops being about them.”

“Always Speak Life into those who seek your counsel.”

“In the Fight for Love. The only way the Relationship will work is if both parties are willing to get into the Ring.”

“We all possess certain talents and gifts that are unique to only us. You already have everything that you need to start living an extraordinary life. It's up to you to turn on the switch and let your light shine.”

“It is impossible to satisfy self. Self always wants more and more. It is an ugly monster that will devour you if you don't devour it. Stop feeding it an watch the pressure be released. Self deprivation is much more fulfilling than self gratification. Who Knew?”

“You don’t know who you are or what you are capable of until you actually step up and try.”


“You should have a kind heart because you are not just a so and so person,you are also an identity who is part of the almighty god,who above all likes kindness because,he is the bestower of all desired attributes but is benevolently looking for kindness from his creation”

“Their disbelief doesn't make your dream any less true. You're a dreamer. And will be. Forever.”


“It's impossible to hit a target that you can't see. You must visualize your goal, set a plan and work your plan. Don't make excuses. .. Just make time.”

“Don’t get ensnared in self-doubt, dare to look stupid. Genius are born that way.”


“Even if everybody says it’s impossible, with determination, there is always something you can do. The last thing is to give up without trying”


“Design and produce yourself according to your dreams”


“Fate does not expect to be fought and will reward those who dare to fight against it.”


“Making others better is a core value of a great life.”

“We are Living in the Last Chapters of Life... Find Your Purpose and make it the Best Story possible.”

“Not everyone is prepared to accept the level of love you have to give. Many say that they are looking for an unconditional love but aren't equipped to receive it. Being able to receive love is an art, just as is being able to give it. So don't feel sorry for yourself when your love isn't reciprocated... feel sorry for them.”

“It doesn't take much energy to help encourage or inspire someone else to be their best, but it does suck the life out of you to hope they lose. Pay it forward.”

“It's always hard to wrap up a series. The longer I spend with the characters, the more they become like friends.”

“Some females are so "pretty", that all they have are their looks. Don't allow your attitude and ego to deduct from your pretty ladies. No matter how cute you think you are... your attitude can make you ugly real quick.”

“No matter how successful you are, you have to keep improving yourself. Otherwise, you will get stuck in what was once considered modern. Today, you can't solve iPad problems with typewriter knowledge and in the years to come, we shall look at the iPad and say how come we were so excited about that.”

“When you consciously decide to be in a good mood every morning, you create an atmosphere of joy and peace. Practice mood control daily... it will then become a habit. Don't put the control of your emotions in the hands of others.”

“You don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body, just the same, don't blame others for the shape of your experience.”

“Don't let your life become a shopping festival, where people come, stays a while, explore around and blend in somewhere else. It's your life, not a Flipkart Sale.”


“People who are unable to stand within the dark places of life, those who are always running towards their happy places, are the same things as candles without flames. There is no worth in a candle without a flame, and we only add the flame when there is darkness. Without darkness, there would be no need for warriors and angels. Warriors are not made because the whole world is happy and angels were not formed because there are no demons. Be of worth, have a flame.”

“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”

“When family gathers around for a dying loved one, I have realised, that it probably does more good for the living, than for the dying. Sometimes, death can bring the living together, and death can cause the living to find solace in one another. In this way, death is a part of life, and those who die can in fact give gifts to the living, gifts that they were not able to give while they were still alive and well.”

“We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”

“Never let fear hold you captive.
Never let self-doubt hold you captive.
Never let frustration hold you captive.”

“There are two things that may happen to a person: the first is that you become so soft that no one and nothing can break you, and the second is that you become so hard that nothing and no one can break you. Either way you go, the path will be very painful. But herein is the great sadness of it all: that anyone must try to become something that cannot be broken (whether the soft or the hard). Why must we be born into a world where we must spend our lives struggling to become unbreakable?”

“You live. And you throw yourself into everything and try not to think of the bruises.”

“Find mentors to help you out. Always be on the lookout for friendly allies, willing to help and support you. Be willing to help others out too, when asked. What goes around, comes around.”

“Life is an iffy sine curve; in the climb on the hill, I might yet again fall down;
What will take any of us “there” is—do we sit with regret, or get up and move on.”



“Today did take the time to say: "I believe in myself," at least 20 times today? You can never say it too much.”

“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”

“Don’t take for granted the effort of a person who tries to keep in touch. It’s not always that someone cares so much.”


“Cât din ceea ce am trăit este un rezultat al voinței mele și cât se datorează influențelor, presiunilor și manipulărilor care s-au exercitat asupra mea? Și nu mă refer doar la faptul de a fi fost obligată să fac, mă refer și la faptul, infinit mai grav, de a fi fost uneori convinsă să fac.”

“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”

“Always follow your passion to be successful.”

“You build a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned. Be the best. Raise yourself to excellence, by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.”

“Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you grow big at what you want for success.”

“Self-improvement and practice are the golden tools for earning the award of excellence.”

“Jesus is like the wind! You know it's there, but you can't see it!”


“Visualize yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself into an excellent person, with constant practice and perseverance. Enjoy and relish the process.”

“Waiting here for Everyman
Make it on your own if you think you can
If you see somewhere to go I understand
I'm not trying to tell you
That I've seen the plan
Turn and walk away if you think I am
But don't think too badly
Of one who's left holding sand
He's just another dreamer,
Dreaming 'bout Everyman.”

“Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you will grow big at what you want for success.”

“Ain't nobody got time fo this”

“Aim and hit the target of excellence, with constant practice. Make success happen, by working to be the best at what you do.”

“True enough. I say this all the time.
Trez looked at his hands. “I didn’t ask for this.”
“No one asks for life.” The executioner hiked iAm’s body up higher. “And sometimes they do not ask for death...”


“The goal is essential to getting what you would like." ##”

“Working to be outstanding at what you do, raises your confidence and improves your reputation. As you work to become top notch, you gain higher attention and visibility.”

“we are entitled to a great life – that somehow, somewhere, someone (certainly not us) is responsible for filling our lives with continuous happiness, exciting career options, nurturing
family time, and blissful personal relationships simply because
we exist. But the real truth – and the one lesson that all the
success principles I have learnt are based on – is that there is only
one person responsible for the quality of the life you live. That
person is you.”

“You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the “what if’s” of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows “what if’s” will take care of themselves.”

“Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical. Expect more than others think is possible.”

“Start dream building. Bring your goals into the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with dedication and work to achieve excellence.”

“Never stop growing in life. The world's tallest redwood trees were once little nuts, that kept on growing, regardless of weather, trials and tribulations.”

“You are the sculptor of your success. Chisel and carve yourself into excellence.”

“On the canvas of life, you are the creative painter of your success. Paint your life into a wonderful masterpiece of excellence.”

“Ask yourself at least once a week: "Am I on the right track to achieve my goals at this time? Am I doing the right things that I need to be doing?”

“If you want to be excellent at something, you must move away from your comfort zone, overcome doubt, setbacks and failure. Never give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. One day, success will be yours.”

“You tend to become like that, what you want most. It is up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work hard. Dedicate yourself to full success.”

“Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional. Get going now and push yourself to create the reality.”

“Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional.”

“You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Be inspired. Believe in yourself. Practice at becoming an excellent person at what you want. Rome wasn't built in a day, so have patience, as you build your life with success and boldness.”

“When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and commitment as the two powerful forces they are. By being persistent, over time you will earn gleaming success.”

“Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Have high standards and work to be exceptional. Develop yourself from practice to be a winner at what you do.”

“Success is like a camera. Focus on the objective. Concentrate on it. See your most important goal image for success. Ignore all distracting, minor details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, stick to it. Take more shots for success. Be persistent. Focus on working to make things happen. Visualize optimum success. Use perseverance to achieve your goal.”

“Success can be compared to a camera. Always focus closely on your objective. Ignore distractions. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, take more shots for success. Visualize clearly what you want. Make success happen by being persistent.”

“You benefit at a different time, from when you planted seeds for success. Learn patience. But be persistent. It’s important for success. Use perseverance and dedicate yourself to your top goals.”

“Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better!”

“Excellence is a high quality, that delivers success and achievement.”

“It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make self-improvement for success your first objective.”

“Be self-responsible. Be less dependent on other people. Aim at being the most responsible person you can be. Read about great, successful leaders. Learn to think great thoughts and work to be an excellent person.”

“You tend to become like that, what you like and respect. Write down your goals and take action to make them happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Devote yourself to making your life blossom for success.”

“Imagine and see yourself at your best. Change yourself with hard work, to become the excellent person you want to be.”

“You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into the masterpiece of excellence you want.”

“Climb the ladder of success, by always putting forward your best self. Practice being the best at what you do.”

“Climb the ladder of success, by always presenting your best self. Practice being exceptional at what you do.”

“Excellence is the target of champions and winners.”

“Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better for success!”

“Occasionally during the day, ask yourself: "How am I doing today and what can I do to do a better job?”

“Start dream building. Create your goals in the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with inspiration and work to achieve excellence for success.”

“Daily ask yourself: "Considering what I'm doing now, what would be a better, superior choice for me to do, to advance my plans for success?”

“In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to yourself project, why not also believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to occur in your life? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do this write your goals, work hard, be smart and expect the best. Make miracles happen.”

“Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication into excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy doing the process.”

“Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will grow at what you want for top success.”

“Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for top success and achievement.”

“Childishness and childlikeness are two very different things. To know a childlike person, is to know a very mature person; to know a childish person, is to know a very immature person. To know childlikeness is to know original wisdom; to know childishness is to know original error. And there are many children more mature than adults, many adults less mature than children.”

“Honesty is doing what you know or believe is right. Integrity is doing what is right and truthful.”

“Now is your time. Make excellence your goal. Let success be your destiny.”

“Working to become excellent at what you want, raises your confidence, charisma and develops courage. As you work to become top notch, it also gives you a great reputation at what you do.”

“If you want to be excellent at something, it involves moving away from your comfort zone, overcoming doubt, setbacks and failure. Don't give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. Success and winning will be yours.”

“Believe in yourself. Know you have what it takes, to make excellence a good habit. Focus on doing excellent work and use discipline to make it happen.”

“You get a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is also earned, too. Raise yourself to excellence by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.”

“All things are possible to those who believe in themselves. Live a life without limits. Believe in yourself. Break through the ceiling of limitation. Develop high confidence and connect yourself to total success.”

“Transform your dreams into reality. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars. You can do it.”

“Often, during times when I am in a state of absolute bliss and gratitude, those are the times that people will ask me, “Are you happy or are you sad?” It’s funny, because when you are happy in a way that most people are happy in, that is, when you are jumping up and down and laughing and smiling and giggling, people will recognize that as happiness. But when you go beyond that state and on into the state of blissfulness— nirvana— only a very few number of people are going to be able to recognize and understand that. Why? Because only very few people have gone beyond the level of obvious happiness, to experience actual nirvaana. Nirvana is what I describe as being in a state of worship; you see, you go beyond just feeling happy and grateful, and you enter into a state of mind that allows you to worship what you have been given or what you have attained or achieved, or whatever circumstance you are in that is making you happy. You stop and you worship the person, the place, the thing, the feeling. I’m easily flung into that state, so, I often find it strange that I can be in an absolute state of bliss, meanwhile, the other person can be asking me if I am either happy or sad. But I am worshipping.”

“You need to accept your greatness, you need to rise up into your full stature, because if you don’t, you are going to continually bow down low to enter into the caves of those who would have you believing that you were born for caves; when in fact, those are their caves and they were born for them. You think that you’re not allowed to stand tall in your mind, heart and body— but you are! And when you do, you’ll see how little those caves and the people in them, really are. It’s difficult, because you want everyone to matter, but really, most of them just don’t. Only a few do. Most of them aren’t even worth being mad at.”

“There is no greater mistake than to try to leap an abyss in two jumps.”

“Actually it's just a thought in your mind. Please put in clear your mind with that thoughts.!!”

“Your heart is the size of your fist keep on loving yourself and fighting for your dreams. If you believe, any thing is possible. The secret to achieving the impossible is to Never Give Up!”

“Moments are best when everyone can take a moment to remember to be grateful for their life and those who cherish theirs. It ought not to take a tragedy to awaken someone to truly value what he/she has and the people who have always been there to bring comfort every day.”

“Determination + Persistence = Success”

“Be strong, be bold!”



“Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself and work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Constant self-growth over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for great success and achievement.”

“No other feeling of joy compares to that of creating your own destiny. The magic in all creation lies in the utilization of human intelligence, common sense, trust in self-inner guidance, and consistent positive action.”

“Dreams are goals that we choose to help us become better people to ourselves, other people, and all other life living on this planet.”

“Be true to yourself and who you are and always find the courage to speak up for what truly matters. If you do that you'll find plenty of people to trust you.”

“Whatever is supposed to make you rich is well within your reach”

“Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Develop yourself from practice, to become exceptional. Raise your standards and be the best.”

“A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.”

“A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.”

“A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and make it reality by working hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the real world, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for personal success.”

“When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By using these ideas, over time they will reward you with sparkling success.”

“Out of frustrations, out of desperation, out of disappointments, out of mediocrity. out of idleness,out of limited insight, out of difficulties, out of insatiability, out of poverty, out of pain and the vicissitudes of life , so many people shall come to a conclusion that nothing is worth living for; not even what is solemn and sacred but, some shall always turn the woes of life into great land marks and indelible footprints worth emulating”

“The kind of people I absolutely cannot tolerate are those who never let you forget they are religious. It seems to me that a truly religious person would let his life be example enough, would not let his religion interfere with being a human being, and would not be so insecure as to have to fawn publicly before his gods.”

“Everything big, once started little. Discipline yourself and work to become an excellent person at what you want. Stretch yourself daily and go a little further than yesterday. Growth is the key to winning success.”

“Bring your dreams into reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and work with ambition for total success. Aim high and make it happen.”

“Improve yourself. Raise your attitude up to excellence for success. Get going now and create the reality.”

“You tend to become like that, what you want most. Its up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Dedicate yourself and make your life happen with determination.”

“You get a: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned too. Raise yourself to excellence.”

“You are the author of your success. Every day, you write another page to the chapter of success for you life. Practice at becoming an excellent person, at what you want to be best at.”

“You tend to become that, what you want most. Expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen.”

“Become the master of your life. Be dedicated to becoming excellent at what you want. Persistence leads to achievement.”

“Bring your dreams to reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself for success. Shoot for the stars and make it happen.”

“Bring your dreams to reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes, to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars and make it happen.”

“Be self-responsible. Avoid dependency on other people. Aim at being the most successful person you can be. Read about great, successful people. Learn to think great thoughts and work to become an excellent person.”

“Becoming excellent at want, helps raises your confidence and develops your courage. Most of all, it can give you a grand reputation.”

“You tend to become like that, what you want most. Its up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Dedicate yourself and make a successful life happen.”

“Aim high to achieve excellence. Be determined to succeed. Use self-discipline to achieve golden excellence.”

“It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make success your chosen target.”

“In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to-yourself project, why not choose to believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to happen to you? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do it, write your goals, work hard and expect miracles for the best of success.”

“A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and create reality by working to make it happen. Transform your dreams to the material world by writing your goals, taking action and by being determined to make them happen.”

“Develop yourself from practice to become exceptional. Aim to be the blue ribbon best.”



“Now is your time. Make excellence your goal. Let success be your destiny.”

“Make success happen by striving and working to be the best. Aim at excellence and hit the target.”


“Success is like a camera. Just focus and concentrate on the objective. See what is your most important goal image for success, and ignore distracting details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, keep at it. Take more shots and be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen. Use perseverance.”

“Success is like a camera. Focus and concentrate on the objective. See your most important goal image for success, and ignore distracting details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, keep at it. Take more shots and be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen. Visualize optimum success and use perseverance.”

“Fantasize and start dream building. Bring your dreams into material reality. See yourself at your best. Transform yourself with dedication and work for excellence.”


“What you do defines who your are. Remember to be the best at what you do. You develop higher confidence from doing what you do excellently.”

“You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into a masterpiece of excellence over a lifetime.”


“You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Everyday you live, you write another page of success for your life. Practice at becoming an excellent person step-by-step, at what you want. Rome wasn't build in day, so have patience as you build your life of confidence and success.”


“You tend to become that, what you want most. Look to the light of God, expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen with devotion and dedication. You can do it.”


“When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By also being devoted and persistent, over time it will reward you with sparkling success.”

“One word can turn into a book just as one poem should never be overlooked.”



“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”

“If you don't have wings, create them”


“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”

“The day you stop dreaming you will loose your wings”


“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.”

“One night I was flying over my village and people looked up and said "Look Bangambiki is flying while he is a man, where did he get the wings? Get down, you are dreaming!" I answered them, “I am not a man. I am a superman, and supermen fly!" I am sure I might have fallen if I believed what they told me. Continue flying, continue dreaming, you are a superman”


“Your Life can easily flow and be filled with joy. Embrace the possibilities!”


“Perseverance is such a beautiful word. But to experience it means we must first endure the unpleasantness life is sure to always bring our way.”


“I was ready for huge transformation, emerging from the chrysalis, like the butterfly, a true metamorphosis, alive in all my beauty.”


“You wake up for a reason, you eat for a reason, you dress for a reason and you sleep for a reason. All we do run on the pivot of reasons. For what reasons do you fear? For what reasons do you think? For what reasons do you talk? For what reasons do you open that door each day? For what reasons do you love? For what reasons do you hate? Until we get the reasonable reasons to reason, we shall always ponder over the reasons why we reasoned or we could not reason.”

“Beware of people who tell you it can't be done. They want to remain on the market alone”


“They say nice guys finish last. That may be true, if the only people you’re nice to are the ones who constantly disrespect you.”


“Success sits on a mountain of mistakes”


“Miracles are waiting for you. All you have to do is go and meet them”


“If you live your life to please others, sometimes you neglect yourself. You deserve happiness. You deserve peace. You deserve love and respect. Don't get caught up and deprive the very essence of you”


“A perfect work of art is not the one that has no mistakes. It is the one people will like. Creation is not perfect but god is praised for having created it”


“Some people quit when victory is around the corner”


“Anything does not exist until it is created. You create it”


“Opportunity is always coming but never knocks on the door. You have to get up and meet him”


“Fortune is a goddess that reveals herself only to people who seek her”


“People who are afraid to become gods say “it's impossible”


“The day you were born you were given power to create yourself”


“From Imagination comes Reality my friend.”

“Never stop growing. The world's tallest redwood trees were all once little nuts, that kept growing regardless of weather, trials or tribulations.”

“If you want to experience joy and happiness in life, you must free your mind. Don't become a prisoner to your thoughts. Don't allow your perceptions to be the only views you believe. Allow truth to penetrate your core as it sets you free”

“You never know how strong you are until you've been tested. People will try you on every level. They may think because you're not loud or rude like them that you won't put them in their place. But, push the wrong buttons and you'll soon find out.”


“When you focus your attention more on your dreams and goals and less on the opinions of others, you are capable of achieving success. No one knows the desires of your heart better than you.”


“When a protector leaves you, it looks like the end of the world. But you gradually learn to walk by your own feet”


“Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication to excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy the process.”

“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference… You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your concern, your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”

“Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with hard work to become excellent.”

“Don't copy, get inspired”



“You win even if you lose. You will be celebrated to have dared to confront those terrible odds instead of crossing your arms against danger.”


“Excellence is the rocket that carries you to the stratosphere of success.”

“Now is the right time for you to become excellent. By taking action on your dreams of excellence, you start polishing the rough diamond you are. As you buff and shine yourself with practice, sparkling success becomes yours.”

“Start dream building. See yourself at you best. Transform yourself with determination.”

“When you say you can't, you stop the creative powers in you; when you say you can you free them”


“You are a painter of success. Paint your life into a masterpiece of excellence.”


“Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the title of being excellent. From working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its badge of honor.”

“Failure is an opportunity to learn again”


“Excellent people are those, who choose to separate themselves from mediocrity.”

“Three golden keys that unlock the door to excellence are determination, hard work and practice.”

“At that point in my life, the only the friend I had was Kell Schwers and that is what scared me most.”

“It's a person's imperfections that make them perfect for someone else.”

“If you want to be extremely important in people's lives, give them extremely good services they can't find anywhere else”


“The gatekeepers are not there to prohibit you anything, they just want to frighten you away, if you are courageous enough to go through them, they will let you , thinking you are the owner or his so”


“When you step up to success, use hard work and excellence as your rocket for winning and achievement.”

“Excellence begins in the mind. Discipline yourself to be an excellent person at what you want. Everything big, once started little.”

“On life's stage for your real life play, always choose the best, most excellent actors for top success.”

“Practice is the golden bullet for hitting the target of excellence.”

“Excellence is always the target of champions.”

“The world's biggest tree, the redwood tree was once a little nut that just kept growing regardless of weather.”

“Don't expect it to be given to you. It is there already. Get it if you want it.”


“Even if you can't win show defeat it can't get it the easy way.”


“Excellence is a high quality, that delivers the gold nugget of success.”

“You don't have to finish today, what is important is that you finish. But remember today might be the last day of your life.”


“Think you're a slave and you'll find a master; think you're a master and slaves will find you”


“Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the proud badge of excellence. By working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its golden title.”

“Don't fear defeat, expect victory”


“You may sit home and be safe. But danger and adventure is what makes your life meaningful”



“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”

“Give of your magic. Because if you do not give of your personal magic in a beautiful loving expressive way, then you are definitely losing the game of life and others are taking over. So be yourself. Let the magic of yourself begin to shine through. Not in a bombastic way, but in a sincere feeling way. You are a sovereign soul who is capable of filling the world with something different by adding your consciousness to this world and giving something special - your uniqueness.”


“You would not be experiencing great change unless you were ready for transformation. Embrace the new you that's emerging.”


“Focus all your life energy to whatever goal you set yourself to achieve”


“It is the process of deeply anchoring yourself to a worthy goal that enables you to have the means released along the way to become that super-racer, become that vehicle that transcends all limitations, that goes beyond the horizontal level, that ascends to higher and more powerful levels all the time.”

“You would not experiencing great change unless you were ready for the transformation. Embrace the new you that's emerging.”

“Remove hope from humanity and you'll be left with monsters.”

“If you can't snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, fight even into its belly”


“We’re all broken in some way. So don’t beat yourself up.”


“Visionaries will always meet opposition from weak minds but the seeds”


“Visionaries will always meet opposition from weak minds but the seeds they plant always save the world”


“Don't fear mistakes, they are your stepping stone to success”


“Consider yourself a genius; you will be amazed at what you can achieve”


“Again that day I learned the lesson to which I have constantly returned - projecting my own anxieties onto what others will think of me is always much more negative than reality. The good news is that people aren't necessarily as partisan as you may think they are. For an event I really didn't want to go to, it sure holds a spot as on of the most memorable days of my life. And I will always appreciate the civility shown to the entire Bush team that day.”


“The good news is that there are things we can do right now to restore civility. But it starts with a personal choice to change bad habits - being more congenial, communicating better, anticipating concerns; the following are all ways to improve every aspect of life - personal relationships, friendships, families, bosses, and dealing with your crazy uncle (everyone has one - ours is called Uncle Bob).”


“I look at it this way - I don't ever want to apologize for something i've said, but I want to be gracious enough to be ready to apologize if I ever need to. My answers to those questions have come gradually and after some trial and error. In my own life, personally and professionally, I've realized that being civil is an active decision that I get to choose to make several times a day. That's why I believe there's hope - civility is not extinct. It is a choice.”


“Anyone can fall; but the winner always rises up”


“Life is a Symphony of instruments and there is no limit on how many we can choose to play!”


“Success is just around the corner from difficulty.”


“Success is not a destination but a lifestyle”


“It all begins with wishful thinking”


“I also don't think that parents should pay for their children's graduate or law school. Helping a student with a four-year bachelor's degree is very generous, but an advanced degree should be considered a personal responsibility. That will ensure that the coursework is taken very seriously and makes the young person take ownership of their degree. and when they graduate, it's a shared accomplishment that the whole family can be proud of. But do not encourage graduate school just for graduate school's sake. Work experience is much more valuable if the decision come down to that.”


“You always say "there are better men than me to do it" and refuse to be the savior the world might have had”


“Well, you're gonna have to put your big girl panties on and deal with it!”


“The President's suggestion of forgiveness freed me, like a weight being lifted off my shoulders. It's a lesson I try to remember for all sorts of situations in life when I feel slighted and disappointed by others. And it was a blessing to have the President of the United States be the one to remind me to let it go.”

“I acknowledge the challenge of believing in a supernatural divinity. After all, in the natural a rock is a rock; a desk is a desk; my skin is my skin. Or are they? That rock you pick up and feel on your skin and place on the desk is 99.9% empty space—between atoms; as is your skin and the desk. So, perhaps it is our perception of the natural or “real” world that needs tweaking, not the supernatural.”


“All you need to win is a winning attitude”


“Friendships offer more than happiness and a feeling of mutual camaraderie; in time they are most important while giving you permission to ultimately be yourself.”

“If you can equate your victory with luck, you haven't won yet.”


“It's not a miracle you need; you need a change of attitude”



“Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”

“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”

“Don't go into the business of pleasing people. You can't please everybody. Simply do your best at what you do”


“You are a hologram of the world around you, and in that hologram, whatever you do inside yourself shows itself in your outside, and that means you have total control over your life and your creations and experiences by just going inside.”

“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.”

“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”

“Knowing that all of manifestation and creation starts on the most subtle levels, and then sequentially unfolds itself like the seed growing into a tree, it is also the level from which change occurs, from which any form of transformation from one state into the next occurs.”

“You are an unlimited being with unlimited capacity to think, and be, and act. And the only limitations that are standing in your way are your desire to be identified with certain lower frequency ideals and concepts about lack.”

“I dare to believe in the beauty of my dreams, and I use my imagination to see them fulfilled.”

“When I see an arrogant man, I see one less competitor.”

“The earth is an arena of champions. We are all champions. We all did overcome millions of potential human beings’ before making it unto the earth. Our spectators watching our race of life are the Seen and the Unseen. Thought, attitude and choice are what bring the differences in the arena of mother earth. The real champions in this life are they that will run the race of life facing the storms, overcoming the hurdles, unraveling the puzzles of life, questioning the status quo in wit, over ruling environmental mediocrity and daring for great and indelible change out of comfort or discomfort.”

“If your expenditure brings you poverty, then you may call yourself a poor but the world will call you a fool.”

“As a general rule the one who is not easily accessible is more valuable.”

“Anyone can become a MONEY MAGNET if they have the right tools, understanding, a burning desire and legitimate reasons to become one.”

“What we see and believe about our self is what life will give back in return.”

“Money is like your girlfriend/boyfriend; she/he will come running towards you and embrace you in her/his arms, only if you pay enough attention.”

“We are all heroes of our little worlds”


“Forget about tomorrow; it's a myth. You only have today to do what you want to do”


“You should never consider finished a war you did not win”


“Learn how they failed and succeeded, then fail on and succeed”


“Give the world what it wants and it will give you what you want”


“Style is art and fashion is everything. Personal expression should reflect the best of who you are and respected without being misunderstood.”

“I came looking for life and I found you”


“Forget about the great astounding victory. Focus on winning small victories every day, the final victory will come by itself”


“Self Reflection Is the Key To Success”

“A Realm of Possibilities Are the Key To Your Success”

“Beginnings are happy never-endings as long as you remember where you started from.”

“Remember God loves you, even when its hard to love yourself.”

“Many of us have things backwards. We believe that we have to wait to create the circumstances we want in life and rack up a lot of successes so we can finally relax. Actually, it works the other way around. We should leave where we are and move to where we ultimately dream of living, whether it’s Boulder, Santa Monica, Chicago, or Tibet. Then once we’re there, we’ll figure out ways to fashion a livelihood that will enable us to survive and to prosper from there. Paradise shouldn’t wait, and happiness shouldn’t either.”

“I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.”

“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.”

“And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.”

“We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.”

“‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.”

“No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.”

“If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.”



“The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.”


“The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.”

“Only the dead have seen the end of war.”

“We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.”


“And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can't ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it's already happened.”


“There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.”


“People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.”


“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”

“This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.”


“I've been in love before, it's like a narcotic. At first it brings the euphoria of complete surrender. The next day you want more. You're not addicted yet, but you like the sensation, and you think you can still control things.You think about the person you love for two minutes then forget them for three hours. But then you get used to that person, and you begin to be completely dependent on them. Now you think about him for three hours and forget him for two minutes. If he's not there, you feel like an addict who can't get a fix. And just as addicts steal and humiliate themselves to get what they need, you're willing to do anything for love."- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept”

“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”


“Instructions for living a life.
Pay attention.
Be astonished.
Tell about it.”

“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”

“You've got to get obsessed and stay obsessed.”


“[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar.”


“It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.”


“In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.”


“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”


“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”


“First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered... . Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.”


“I don't care what you say to me. I care what you share with me.”


“There were people who went to sleep last night,
poor and rich and white and black,
but they will never wake again.
And those dead folks would give anything at all
for just five minutes of this weather
or ten minutes of plowing.
So you watch yourself about complaining.
What you're supposed to do
when you don't like a thing is change it.
If you can't change it,
change the way you think about it.”

“Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue).”


“Certain things in life simply have to be experienced -and never explained. Love is such a thing.”



“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”


“

You Chose

You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose to give away your love.
You chose to have a broken heart.
You chose to give up.
You chose to hang on.
You chose to react.
You chose to feel insecure.
You chose to feel anger.
You chose to fight back.
You chose to have hope.
You chose to be naïve.
You chose to ignore your intuition.
You chose to ignore advice.
You chose to look the other way.
You chose to not listen.
You chose to be stuck in the past.
You chose your perspective.
You chose to blame.
You chose to be right.
You chose your pride.
You chose your games.
You chose your ego.
You chose your paranoia.
You chose to compete.
You chose your enemies.
You chose your consequences.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
However, you are not alone. Generations of women in your family have chosen. Women around the world have chosen. We all have chosen at one time in our lives. We stand behind you now screaming:
Choose to let go.
Choose dignity.
Choose to forgive yourself.
Choose to forgive others.
Choose to see your value.
Choose to show the world you’re not a victim.
Choose to make us proud.”

“You don't have to disrespect and insult others simply to hold your own ground. If you do, that shows how shaky your own position is.”

“Before you can live a part of you has to die. You have to let go of what could have been, how you should have acted and what you wish you would have said differently. You have to accept that you can’t change the past experiences, opinions of others at that moment in time or outcomes from their choices or yours. When you finally recognize that truth then you will understand the true meaning of forgiveness of yourself and others. From this point you will finally be free.”

“There are no coincidences in life. What person that wandered in and out of your life was there for some purpose, even if they caused you harm. Sometimes, it doesn’t make sense the short periods of time we get with people, or the outcomes from their choices. However, if you turn it over to God he promises that you will see the big picture in the hereafter. Nothing is too small to be a mistake.”

“I have learned all kinds of things from my many mistakes. The one thing I never learn is to stop making them.”


“I don't think anyone ever gets over anything in life; they merely get used to it.”

“Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!”


“I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble”

“He who becomes the slave of habit,
who follows the same routes every day,
who never changes pace,
who does not risk and change the color of his clothes,
who does not speak and does not experience,
dies slowly.
He or she who shuns passion,
who prefers black on white,
dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer,
that turn a yawn into a smile,
that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings,
dies slowly.
He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy,
who is unhappy at work,
who does not risk certainty for uncertainty,
to thus follow a dream,
those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives,
die slowly.
He who does not travel, who does not read,
who does not listen to music,
who does not find grace in himself,
she who does not find grace in herself,
dies slowly.
He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem,
who does not allow himself to be helped,
who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops,
dies slowly.
He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know,
die slowly.
Let's try and avoid death in small doses,
reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing.
Only a burning patience will lead
to the attainment of a splendid happiness.”

“How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.”

“Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.”

“Sometimes the best and worst times of your life can coincide. It is a talent of the soul to discover the joy in pain—-thinking of moments you long for, and knowing you’ll never have them again. The beautiful ghosts of our past haunt us, and yet we still can’t decide if the pain they caused us out weighs the tender moments when they touched our soul. This is the irony of love.”

“Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.”


“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”


“That’s the thing about a human life-there’s no control group, no way to ever know how any of us would have turned out if any variables had been changed.”


“You must never behave as if your life belongs to a man. Do you hear me?” Aunty Ifeka said. “Your life belongs to you and you alone.”


“I've learned... . That being kind is more important than being right.”


“If you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. But it's still worth it.”

“Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.”

“That's the thing about lessons, you always learn them when you don't expect them or want them.”


“Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing.”


“Most things are forgotten over time. Even the war itself, the life-and-death struggle people went through is now like something from the distant past. We’re so caught up in our everyday lives that events of the past are no longer in orbit around our minds. There are just too many things we have to think about everyday, too many new things we have to learn. But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away. They remain with us forever, like a touchstone.”


“Give out what you most want to come back.”


“لكن دعني أخبرك بشيء مهم ,لا تقض حياتك بإنتظار أن تنتهي الفترة كذا و الفترة كذا ..
أن تنتهي فترة الدراسة .. أن تنتهي فترة التجنيد الإجباري .. أن تنتهي فترة انتدابك في كينيا .. إلخ
لسوف تجد أن حياتك صارت مجموعة من الفترات يجب أن تنتهي و هوب! تكتشف أنك بلغت نهاية العمر ولما تنعم بحياتك يوما واحدا ..
يجب أن تستمتع بكل فترة كأنها هي الصورة الوحيدة النهائية لحياتك ..”

“You think you know someone. But mostly you just know what you want to know.”


“Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.”


“Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps”


“You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.”

“No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.”



“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”


“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”

“Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.”

“Forgive but do not forget, or you will be hurt again. Forgiving changes the perspectives. Forgetting loses the lesson.”

“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to
wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”


“Curiosity is the lust of the mind.”

“The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.”


“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”


“You know the saying: he who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it. And when it's repeated, the stakes are doubled.”


“Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.”

“You take people, you put them on a journey, you give them peril, you find out who they really are.”

“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”

“You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.”


“I'm not a body with a soul, I'm a soul that has a visible part called the body.”


“The energy of the mind is the essence of life.”


“Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out.”


“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”


“Things are what they are, and whatever will be, will be.”


“هذه رسالة لكاتب مكسيسي اسمه "جوني ولش" كتبها على لسان دمية لماركيز سنة 1999 وقت أن كان ماركيز يصارع السرطان
"لو شاء الله.. أن يهبني شيئا من حياة أخرى فسوف أستثمرها بكل قواي. ربما لن أقول كل ما أفكر به لكنى حتما سأفكر في كل ما سأقوله. سأمنح الأشياء قيمتها، لا لما تمثله، بل لما تعنيه. سأنام قليلا، وأحلم كثيرا، مدركا أن كل لحظة نغلق فيها أعيننا تعنى خسارة ستين ثانية من النور. سأسير فيما يتوقف الآخرون، وسأصحو فيما الكل نيام.. لو شاء ربى أن يهبني حياة أخرى، فسأرتدي ملابس بسيطة وأستلقي على الأرض، لا عاري الجسد فحسب، وإنما عاري الروح أيضا. سأبرهن للناس كم يخطئون عندما يعتقدون أنهم لن يكونوا عشاقا متى شاخوا، دون أن يدروا أنهم يشيخون إذا توقفوا عن العشق.
وتابع يقول: "للطفل سأعطى الأجنحة، لكنى سأدعه يتعلم التحليق وحده، وللكهول سأعلمهم أن الموت لا يأتي مع الشيخوخة بل بفعل النسيان، لقد تعلمت منكم الكثير أيها البشر.. تعلمت أن الجميع يريد العيش في قمة الجبل غير مدركين أن سر السعادة تكمن في تسلقه. تعلمت أن المولود الجديد حين يشد على إصبع أبيه للمرة الأولى فذلك يعنى أنه أمسك بها إلى الأبد. تعلمت أن الإنسان يحق له أن ينظر من فوق إلى الآخر، فقط حين يجب أن يساعده على الوقوف، تعلمت منكم أشياء كثيرة! لكن قلة منها ستفيدني، لأنها عندما ستوضع في حقيبتي أكون أودع الحياة. قل دائما ما تشعر به وأفعل ما تفكر فيه.. لو كنت أعرف أنها المرة الأخيرة التي أراك فيها نائمة، لضممتك بقوة بين ذراعي ولتضرعت إلى الله أن يجعلني حارسا لروحك. لو كنت أعرف أنها الدقائق الأخيرة التي أراك فيها، لقلت "أحبك"، ولتجاهلت - بخجل - أنك تعرفين ذلك.
واستطرد: "هناك دوما غدا، والحياة تمنحنا الفرصة لنفعل الأفضل، لكن لو أنى مخطئ وهذا هو يومي الأخير، أحب أن أقول كم أحبك، وأنني لن أنساك أبدا. لأن الغد ليس مضمونا، لا للشاب ولا للعجوز. ربما تكون في هذا اليوم المرة الأخيرة التي ترى فيها أولئك الذين تحبهم. فلا تنتظر أكثر، تصرف اليوم لأن الغد قد لا يأتي، ولابد أن تندم على اليوم الذي لم تجد فيه الوقت من أجل ابتسامة أو عناق أو قبلة أو أنك كنت مشغولا كي ترسل لهم أمنية أخيرة.
حافظ بقربك على من تحب، اهمس في أذنهم بأنك بحاجة إليهم، أحببهم واهتم بهم، وخذ ما يكفى من الوقت لتقول لهم عبارات مثل: أفهمك، سامحني، من فضلك، شكرا، وكل كلمات الحب التي تعرفها. لن يتذكرك أحد من أجل ما تضمر من أفكار، فأطلب من الرب القوة والحكمة للتعبير عنها. وبرهن لأصدقائك ولأحبائك كم هم مهمون لديك".”

“Your fear is 100% dependent on you for its survival.”


“As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.”

“If you want to be a doormat you have to lay yourself down first.”

“Lightning makes no sound until it strikes.”


“Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.”


“You can’t make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about
yourself.”

“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”


“You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.”

“I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.”

“Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!”

“There's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. Change now. Love now. Live now. Don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't.”



“Fear's useless. Either something bad happens or it doesn't: If it doesn't, you've wasted time being afraid, and if it does, you've wasted time that you could have spent sharpening your weapons.”


“There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.”

“Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.”

“Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.”

“Don't bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out.”

“Betray a friend, and you'll often find you have ruined yourself.”


“What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.”


“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”

“Never apologize for how you feel. No one can control how they feel. The sun doesn’t apologize for being the sun. The rain doesn’t say sorry for falling. Feelings just are”


“Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.”


“Nothing in this world happens by chance.”


“There came a time when you realized that moving on was pointless. That you took yourself with you wherever you went.”


“It's hard at times, but it makes a kid strong in ways that most people can't understand. Teaches them that even though people are left behind, new ones will inevitable take their place; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer. It makes a kid grow up fast.”


“Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, ‘I like you. You make me happy. I am glad to see you.”


“If someone told me that I could live my life again free of depression provided I was willing to give up the gifts depression has given me--the depth of awareness, the expanded consciousness, the increased sensitivity, the awareness of limitation, the tenderness of love, the meaning of friendship, the apreciation of life, the joy of a passionate heart--I would say, 'This is a Faustian bargain! Give me my depressions. Let the darkness descend. But do not take away the gifts that depression, with the help of some unseen hand, has dredged up from the deep ocean of my soul and strewn along the shores of my life. I can endure darkness if I must; but I cannot lie without these gifts. I cannot live without my soul.' (p. 188)”


“I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.”


“You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.”

“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”


“Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.”

“Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.”


“Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.”

“Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall”

“Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!”

“Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.”

“Love changes things; hope allows us to endure until the change arrives.”

“I don't think that anything happens by coincidence... No one is here by accident... Everyone who crosses our path has a message for us. Otherwise they would have taken another path, or left earlier or later. The fact that these people are here means that they are here for some reason"...”


“...fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.”


“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”


“Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty.”


“Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life.”

“Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.”



“I welcome questions. I hate assumptions.”

“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”


“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”


“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”


“Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you; reason without emotion is a mask for cruelty.”


“Sometimes the only way to ever find yourself is to get completely lost.”

“Dance above the surface of the world. Let your thoughts lift you into creativity that is not hampered by opinion.”

“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”


“(...)normalcy is an illusion. Each person is utterly unique. A standard of normalcy is something that most people of the world simply will never access.”


“When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.”


“We make messes of our lives, but every now and then, we manage to do something that's exactly right. The challenge is figuring out which is which.”


“Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you”

“What could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it”

“The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.”

“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”

“A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish”

“Which is the true nightmare, the horrific dream that you have in your sleep or the dissatisfied reality that awaits you when you awake?”

“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”


“You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.”

“I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.”


“,the rest of the girls pretended not to notice. That's just what best friends do.”


“But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.”


“Give the People what they want - and they'll get what they deserve.”

“One day can change your life. One day can ruin your life. All life is is three or four big days that change everything.”

“You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.”

“There is a season for wildness and a season for settledness, and this is neither. This season is about becoming. Don't lose yourself at happy hour, but don't lose yourself on the corporate ladder, either.”


“Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.”

“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”


“I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”



“I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.”


“the scary part is that people don't realize how much they've changed .”


“Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back”

“Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.”

“There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.”


“The great Sufi poet and philosopher Rumi once advised his students to write down the three things they most wanted in life. If any item on the list clashes with any other item, Rumi warned, you are destined for unhappiness. Better to live a life of single-pointed focus, he taught. But what about the benefits of living harmoniously among extremes? What if you could somehow create an expansive enough life that you could synchronize seemingly incongruous opposites into a worldview that excludes nothing?”


“Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost...”

“Things don't always work out the way we hope. You just have to pick yourself up and find a new direction to go in.”


“We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”

“Don’t complain, don’t explain.”

“Not forever does the bulbul sing
In balmy shades of bowers,
Not forever lasts the spring
Nor ever blossom the flowers.
Not forever reigneth joy,
Sets the sun on days of bliss,
Friendships not forever last,
They know not life, who know not this.”


“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom”

“If I had learned anything in my life about love, it was that they were tenous things that could end at any moment. Caution was essential-but not at the cost of risking your life”


“...I started to realize how many great things could happen by confronting the things that scare you most.”


“When they killed him, Mother wouldn't hold her peace, so they slit her throat. I was stupid then, being only nine, and I fought to save them both. But the thorns held me tight. I've learned to appreciate thorns since. The thorns taught me the game. They let me understand what all those grim and serious men who've fought the Hundred War have yet to learn. You can only win the game when you understand that it IS a game. Let a man play chess, and tell him that every pawn is his friend. Let him think both bishops holy. Let him remember happy days in the shadows of his castles. Let him love his queen. Watch him loose them all.”


“Complex question can only be solved by patience.”


“Be bold. But not bold, be fucking bold.”


“Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.”


“Life is an experiment in which you may fail or succeed. Explore more, expect least.”

“Still, he figured, sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do, and then sometimes you've just got to run like hell after it's done.”


“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”


“The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story”


“Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.”


“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”


“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”

“Do not dwell upon the sins and mistakes of yesterday so exclusively as to have no energy and mind left for living rightly today, and do not think that the sins of yesterday can prevent you from living purely today.”


“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”


“...don’t judge your future based on others’ mistakes.”


“Life gives you lots of chances to screw up which means you have just as many chances to get it right.”


“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”



“Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.”

“Live the moment. Cherish the present. Anticipate the future. Frame the yesteryear”


“Just because things hadn't gone the way I had planned didn't necessarily mean they had gone wrong.”


“In breaking away from the familiar and the expected, you'll be forced and privileged to face greater challenges, learn harder lessons, and really get to know yourself.”


“... I discovered life sometimes has a way of giving you what you need, but not in the form you expect.”


“Too many people miss out on real love because they're too busy waiting for the ONE to show up”


“Never mistrust, unless given a reason.”

“Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty, see yourself.”

“Enjoy every bit of your life to the fullest. Your compromises and sacrifices will be rewarded.”

“Men are like roses. You have to watch out for the pricks.”


“Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.”

“Mind is a flexible mirror, adjust it, to see a better world.”


“Get away from these two types of people: the ones who think you can only go as far as the situation you were born into; and the ones who think you can only go as far as the current situation you are in.”


“You must live life with the full knowledge that your actions will remain. We are creatures of consequence.”


“You aren’t old enough to have such regrets.”
“Pain doesn’t respect age, my lady.”


“Necessity is the mother of invention.”


“Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.”


“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”


“The right thing to do is so easy to see when you're seventeen years old and don't have to make any big decisions. When you know that no matter what you do, someone will take care of you and fix everything. But when you're grown up, the world is not that black and white, and the right thing doesn't a tidy little arrow pointing to it.”


“A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”


“The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.”


“أحقًا نحن نتعلم من أخطائنا ؟
كيف ذلك وكلما ندمنا على حماقة ما .. انتقلنا إلى أخرى أكثر إتقانًا وفداحة !”


“How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.”

“Once a problem is solved, its simplicity is amazing.”


“It is a huge danger to pretend that awful things do not happen. But you need enough hope to keep going. I am trying to make hope. Flowers grow out of darkness.”

“The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.”

“The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move”


“You'll never experience the joy and tenderness of a lifelong love unless you fight for it.”


“The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.”


“It's a dangerous thing when you have love without faith and trust... No one wants to feel unsure when they give their heart away.”

“Don't doubt yourself, that's what haters are for.”

“You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.”

“I think you don't grow up until you stop worrying about other people's purposes or lack of them and find the purposes you believe in for yourself.”



“We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.”


“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”

“Would you not be happier if you tried to forget her severity, together with the passionate emotions it excited? Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs." - Helen Burns”


“Just live well. Just live”


“Chasing a person doesn’t give you value or build values in you. You earn your value by chasing morality and practicing dignity.”

“Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something.
When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered.
That was living.”


“Everyone needs beauty as well as bread, places to play and pray, where nature heals and give strength to body and soul alike.”

“Get this in mind early: We never grow up.”

“Nothing fun in life is easy.”


“A veil hangs between the two opposites, a mere slip of a thing that is transparent to warn us or comfort us. You hate now but look through this veil and see the possibility of love; you're sad now but look through to the other side and see happiness. Absolute composure to a complete mess - it happens so quickly, all in the blink of an eye.”


“They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.”


“Miscommunication is endless.”

“I always laugh at the term 'Cinderella story', because, if you ask me, it doesn't matter what life you're living, life never has a solution. No matter how hard the struggles are that you leave behind, new struggles always take their place.”


“There is no wealth but life.”


“It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.”


“Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.”

“Just because the boat rocks doesn't mean it's time to jump overboard.”


“And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak...”


“Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?”


“Congratulations!
Today is your day
You're off to great places
You're off and away
You've got brains in your head
You've got feet in your shoes
You can steer yourself any
Direction you choose
You're on your own
And you know what you know
And you are the guy
Who'll decide where you go
Out there things can happen
And frequently do
To people as brainy
And footsy as you
And will you succeed?
Yes you will indeed!
(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed)
You're off to great places
Today is your day
Your mountain is waiting
Go, get on your way!”

“Beauty exists not in what is seen and remembered, but in what is felt and never forgotten.”

“I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.”


“But,instead of what our imagination makes us suppose and which we worthless try to discover,life gives us something that we could hardly imagine.”

“be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.”


“Supongo que el mensaje cliché es “nunca te rindas”. Yo prefiero decir: “aprendé a convivir con tus sombras”. Y no más.”


“It’s impossible to go through life unscathed. Nor should you want to. By the hurts we accumulate, we measure both our follies and our accomplishiments.”


“karapatan kong madapa at bumangon sa buhay nang walang tatawa, magagalit, magtatanong, o magbibilang kung ilang beses na 'kong nagkamali at ilang ulit ako dapat bumawi”



“Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”


“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”


“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”

“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it.
If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less.
You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here.
Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”

“To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".”

“Ah, but I was so much older then
I’m younger than that now”

“Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.”


“I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.”


“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”

“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...”


“What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so.”

“YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.”

“Don't ever live vicariously. This is your life. Live.”

“Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift; death is God's.”


“The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.”


“Look not to the faults of others, nor to their omissions and commissions. But rather look to your own acts, to what you have done and left undone.”

“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”


“That's one of the things we learn as we grow older -- how to forgive. It comes easier at forty than it did at twenty.”


“Because . . . most of us think that the point is something to do with work, or kids, or family, or whatever. But you don't have any of that. There's nothing between you and despair, and you don't seem a very desperate person.'
'Too stupid.'
'You're not stupid. So why don't you ever put your head in the oven?'
'I don't know. There's always a new Nirvana album to look forward to, or something happening in NYPD Blue to make you want to watch the next episode.'
'Exactly.'
'That's the point? NYPD Blue? Jesus.' It was worse than he thought.
'No, no. The point is you keep going. You want to. So all the things that make you want to are the point. I don't know if you even realize it, but on the quiet you don't think life's too bad. You love things. Telly. Music. Food.”


“Just because you know it [my past]... doesn't mean that my wounds are a weight you have to carry.
~Kurogane-san”

“Sometimes
you meet people and know immediately
that they were meant to be your friend.”


“I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.”

“That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.”


“I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.”


“When life hands you lemons say,
"Lemons? What else have you got?"
- bumper sticker”


“Mereka tak punya kemampuan menghapus cinta dan birahi. Mereka hanya bisa mencoba berdamai dengan perasaan itu dalam diri masing-masing”

“There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.”


“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”


“One of the liabilities of being a deep thinker, Wyatt mused, was that it left him vulnerable to existential crises.”

“Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.”



“I don't forgive him," I said.
"Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?”


“Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there”

“One of the hardest and truest things a grown-up learns is that sometimes it's not okay.”

“Only if you are possible, everything will be possible.”


“Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back”


“He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.”


“It's sometimes easier to help others rather than helping yourself. The trick is to listen to your "self" as a friend. This may be the simplest change you ever make in life, with the biggest impact.”


“If you find yourself easily provoked,
then just change the channel.”


“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”


“Not being excited is to have missed the whole point of life.”

“Life is choosing whom and what you love. Everything else follows.”

“I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.”


“But that's life. That's what you learn from; when things happen. Especially at your age. You just have to take it in and remember to think afterwards and not forget and never grow bitter.”


“Sometimes it made her want to put her fist through glass; other times, it made her cry a river.”


“Sometimes life takes hold of one, carries the body along, accomplishes one's history, and yet is not real, but leaves oneself as it were slurred over.”

“Kita tidak perlu menjelaskan panjang lebar. Itu kehidupan kita. Tidak perlu siapa pun mengakuinya untuk dibilang hebat. Kitalah yang tahu persis setiap perjalanan hidup yang kita lakukan. Karena sebenarnya yang tahu persis kita bahagia atau tidak, tulus atau tidak, hanya kita sendiri. Kita tidak perlu menggapai seluruh catatan hebat menurut versi manusia sedunia. Kita hanya perlu merengkuh rasa damai dalam hati kita sendiri.
Kita tidak perlu membuktikan apa pun kepada siapa pun bahwa kita itu baik. Buat apa? Sama sekali tidak perlu. Jangan merepotkan diri sendiri dengan penilaian orang lain. Karena toh, kalaupun orang lain menganggap kita demikian, pada akhirnya tetapi kita sendiri yang tahu persis apakah kita memang sebaik itu.”


“You will never know what you are doing until and unless you have done it.”

“The children were overwhelmingly morbid. Not a single adult asked me where butterflies go when they die, but this question was more popular than pixie sticks with the under-four-foot set. I cursed parents for not preparing their children. When I was five, my mother and sister sat me up on the kitchen counter and explained the facts of life: the Easter Bunny didn't exist, Elijah was God's invisible friend, with any luck Nana would die soon, and if I ever saw a unicorn, I should kill it or catch it for cash. I turned out okay.”


“Some times things just fall off your plate.”

“Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.”


“Avoid those who seek friends in order to maintain a certain social status or to open doors they would not otherwise be able to approach.”


“it's good to have things done with
when they don't work
it's also good not to hate
or even forget
the person you've failed with.”


“Just to say 'I believe' or 'I do not doubt' does not mean that you understand and see. To force oneself to see and accept a thing without understanding is political and not spiritual or intellectual.”

“At the same time I know that it’s not really their fault, at least not completely. I did my part too. I did it on a hundred different days and in a thousand different ways, and I know it. But this makes the anger worse, not better.”


“I cannot tell you what it is that guides us in this life; but for me, I fell toward the Chairman just as a stone must fall toward the earth. When I cut my lip and met Mr. Tanaka, when my mother died and I was cruelly sold, it was all like a stream that falls over rocky cliffs before it can reach the ocean. Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories.”


“There are going to be some people who at some point of your life will become your friends. And some friends, who at some point, will become just people.”

“She had always thought applying to college would be exciting. Living away from home, meeting so many new people, Learning new things, making a few poor life desicisons....”


“I didn't give up, I walked away
I had enough of accepting actions that were less than I deserved.
So...
I made a concious choice
To honour myself,
Before complementing another
&
If that's what; has made you undeniably mad, Than I know, the history of our connection is hidden in the truth of your heart and regardless of your outcome, I have made the right choice for me.”

“And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.”


“He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths - so that he could 'come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden.”



“That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics.
Fate. Luck. Chance.”


“ما نفتر نقسم يومنا إلى نصفين ، نصف نقضيه في الندم على مافات ، والنصف الآخر في القلق مما سيأتي ! ، ويضيع العمر بين مشكلات الماضي وتطلعات المستقبل ، وتنسل أحلامنا من بين أصابعنا !”


“In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares. The older have learned to ever expect it. I am anxious to afford some alleviation of your present distress. Perfect relief is not possible, except with time. You can not now realize that you will ever feel better. Is not this so? And yet it is a mistake. You are sure to be happy again. To know this, which is certainly true, will make you some less miserable now. I have had experience enough to know what I say; and you need only to believe it, to feel better at once.”

“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”

“A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.”

“If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live... and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities”


“We have no future because our present is too volatile. We have only risk management. The spinning of the given moment's scenarios. Pattern recognition.”


“This is the legend of Cassius Clay,
The most beautiful fighter in the world today.
He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y,
of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y.
The fistic world was dull and weary,
But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary.
Then someone with color and someone with dash,
Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash.
This brash young boxer is something to see
And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y.
This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance,
But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance.
This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right,
If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night.
And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten,
You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again.
For I am the man this poem’s about,
The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.
This I predict and I know the score,
I’ll be champ of the world in ’64.
When I say three, they’ll go in the third,
10 months ago
So don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word.
He is the greatest! Yes!
I am the man this poem’s about,
I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.
Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment,
I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went.
When I say two, there’s never a third,
Standin against me is completely absurd.
When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse,
Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is!
I AM THE GREATEST!”

“الصديقان النموذجيان كما زوج من القنافذ,يتعاطفان,و يتعاونان و يتلازمان,و لكن لا يذوبان فى يعضهما لأن كل واحد له درقة من الأشواك تحميه من أن يقتحم عليه الاّخر خصوصيته و سريته و ينتهك وحدانية نفسه و قدسية استقلاله.”


“But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.”


“Things can be cleaned and replaced. Great moments cannot afford to be lost.”


“What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.”

“He thought of her often, and he missed the companionship they'd once shared and the friendship that had been the bedrock of their marriage at its best.”


“Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.”

“Some things need to be left unsaid.”


“Your current circumstances are part of your redemption story He is writing.”

“If experience is the best teacher, there's nothing that comes close to the experience of life.”


“We ourselve are the authors of almost all our woes and griefs, of which we so unreasonably complain.”

“I’m just saying it doesn’t always have to be spirits and magic. Sometimes hauntings are in your mind. It doesn’t make them less real.”


“When you're down, remember your triumphs. [...] Sometimes you get in trouble and crash. Other times: just a bumpy landing.”


“Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it.”

“You get towards the end of life - no, not life itself, but of something else: the end of any likelihood of change in that life. You are allowed a long moment of pause, time enough to ask the question: what else have I done wrong?”


“Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.”

“You can’t really yell at your boyfriend for stealing your seat and your best friend. You also can’t yell at your best friend for stealing your boyfriend. Or you can…but Hi seemed like a much easier way to start the morning.”


“(...)best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!”


“Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.”


“There are no do-overs in life.”

“Hukum karma pasti berlaku, Boi," kata Paman dengan serius.
"Maka jangan kau nakal dan jahat, ya. Nanti kau kena hukum karma." Aku mengangguk angguk dengan takzim. Kusimpan benar pelajaran itu.”


“Humanity is a cage, and our puritanical sensibilities comprise the bars. We are confined by our own reason and intellect, and yet most of us don't even know it.”


“Worry is the darkroom in which negatives can develop.”



“It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right --especially when one is right.”

“The wishbone will never replace the backbone”

“Every relationship that has hit a crossroads has asked, “What is it that you want from me?”

“To be calm and compassionate you need courage and conviction.”

“Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.”


“Master, go on, and I will follow thee
To the last gasp with truth and loyalty.”


“Our bodies were printed as blank pages
to be filled with the ink of our hearts”

“You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship”


“Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.”


“If you see the dragon fly,
best you drink the flagon dry.”
—Zarost”


“Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.”

“فقد الحيرة يفقدنا المساواة والمساواة تفقدنا العدالة و غياب العدالة يؤدي الى السقوط الأخلاقي و تغليب القوة.”

“The planet is here for our delight, but it is also here for us to change, to make it the best it can be. It's not just about sleeping and fucking and getting the right dress. Let's HOPE not.”


“they say life goes on long after the thrill of living”

“The secret to your purpose is to find what you feel is important, and not pursue what others would think is important. When you think highly of yourself, me thinking highly of you will never be enough!”

“Kepasrahan - penyerahan secara ikhlas - adalah sesuatu yang wajar.
Bukan kalah.
Bukan mengalah.”

“The thing about knowing you’re broken is that knowing is not enough to fix it.”


“I say if it's going to be done, let's do it. Let's not put it in the hands of fate. Let's not put it in the hands of someone who doesn't know me. I know me best. Then take a breath and go ahead.”

“Most people don't want to die, but they don't want to live either. I am speaking about men now as much as women. They look for a third way, but there is no third way.”


“Poverty has its advantages. When you're that poor what would you have that anyone would want?
Except your peace of mind. Your dignity. Your heart.
The important things.”


“You know, I think it's important to keep a balance in things. Yeah, balance, that's the right word. Cause the guy who wants too much risks losing absolutely everything. Of course, the one who wants too little from life, might not get anything at all.”

“Life and death- what paltry words, what tarnished bookends,what unjust summation for drawing breath one moment and failing to release it the next.”


“t may not be the life you imagined, but it’s your life. You came here for a reason. Is it time for you to go and begin again?”


“Nah," I said. "But if it does, just tell him I said to get back on the bike."
"What?"
"He'll understand.”

“being born a princess is all right, but behaving like one can be dangerous.”

“Well, I agree that 'trial and error' is a pretty pessimistic name for it. And maybe that's what it is most of the time. But I think the point is that it's not just try-error. Most of the time, it's try-error-try.”


“Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.”

“They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is”


“The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.”

“I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk.”

“Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.”

“Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.”



“The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.”

“You carry/All the ingredients/To turn your life into a nightmare--/Don't mix them!”

“يلزمك أن تُقدر قيمة حياتك ، وتستشعر هدف وجودك على سطح هذه الحياة ، كي تكون رقما صعبا فيها”


“شكراً لتجربة الحياة القاسية، المعلم الأساسي لكل الانضباطات”


“Finding the right work is like discovering your own soul in the world.”

“What it taught me was forgiveness. It taught me that when people present themselves in a certain way, there's probably some back story or issue or reason for the way that they are. It's not you. It's them. And a lot of times, its about something that's completely out of their control”


“To find a mountain path all by oneself gives a greater feeling of strength than to take a path that is shown.”


“We're not making mistakes. We're making experiences.”

“Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.”

“I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.”

“You don't have to be a doctor to know when a relationship is not healthy.”


“But some climbs you have to make alone.”


“You ever have the feeling you were in the wrong place? That if you could just get over the next hill, cross the next river, look down into the next valley, it'd all...fit. Be right."
"All my life, more of less"
“All your life spent getting ready for the next thing. I climbed a lot of hills now. I crossed a lot of rivers. Crossed the sea even, left everything I knew and came to Styria. But there I was, waiting for me at the docks when I got off the boat, same man, same life. Next valley ain’t no different from this one. No better anyway. Reckon I’ve learned … just to stick in the place I’m at. Just to be the man I am.”


“It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.”


“If I were to live for tomorrow, I would have lived fullest for today.”

“For it is up to you and me
to take solace
in nostalgia's arms
and our ability
to create
the everlasting
from fleeting moments.”


“What will remain is neither you nor me but what we shared among each others.”

“Why did this keep happening? Why her? Perhaps there was some pheromone certain people omitted, perceivable only on a wavelength unique to those individuals who preyed on them.”


“Introspective souls are often tormented by their passionate visions. This is because visionaries see what shall be and wake up to what is. However, if you couldn't see a glimpse of the city lights while stranded in the forest, how would you ever know to walk in that direction? Sometimes, your vision can't be put into action, until you gather the learning experiences, along your journey first.”

“Trovo la televisione molto educativa. Ogni volta che qualcuno la accende, vado in biblioteca e leggo un buon libro.”

“Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.”


“Love isn't something to be given on whim, or shelved when it isn't convenient. Love is gift, a promise, and a belief in another person. If you treat it as such, it will fulfill you always”

“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”


“She looked back as well as she could; but it was all confusion. She had taken up the idea, she supposed and made everything bend to it.”


“All I'm saying is that there is more to life than the main story. Check out the notes in the margins because maybe they're even more important.”

“Jawaban terbaik pada penghina dan pencela kehormatan: “Yang kaukatakan tadi sebenarnya adalah pujian; sebab aslinya diriku lebih mengerikan.”


“I don’t care if people say that I am staying hungry and foolish.”

“The person who hurt you--who raped you or killed your family--is also here. If you are still angry at that person, if you haven't been able to forgive, you are chained to him. Everyone could feel the emotional truth of that: When someone offends you and you haven't let go, every time you see him, you grow breathless or your heart skips a beat. If the trauma was really severe, you dream of revenge. Above you, is the Mountain of Peace and Prosperity where we all want to go. But when you try to climb that hill, the person you haven't forgiven weighs you down. It's a personal choice whether or not to let go. No one can tell you how long to mourn a death or rage over a rape. But you can't move forward until you break that chain.”



“People who say, “it is not my fault,” continuously fail. People who say, “I’ve done no wrong,” have not done enough right. People who say, “I am done!” are never done repeating the cycle. Even in the privacy of our own thoughts, we can’t sow lies and reap truth.”

“Our eyes tell us what we want to believe, but our heart tells us only the simple truth”


“Depression exist without you knowing it, even denying it. It is not an illusion. You don't even know you're in it. It takes awhile before you realize it. If you deny it, it means your still in there or else you won't talk about your misery and the dramas in your life.”

“The soul that acquires the virtue of forgiveness won't find any more trouble. No matter what happens, he will know how to run his life ...”

“I won't cry because it came to an end, but I will smile because it happened”


“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”


“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”

“أننا نجد وللأسف الشديد أن المسلمين في مؤخرة ركب التميز ويعيشون على هامش الحياة معتمدين على ما يستوردونه ، متكلين على ثروات بلدانهم الطبيعية ، متناسين دورهم الريادي في الحياة”


“Listen to the whispers or soon you will be listening to the screams.”

“Fights begin and end with handshakes.”


“Además no es tan malo vivir solo. Yo la paso bien, decidiendo a cada instante lo que quiero hacer, y gracias a la soledad me conozco; algo fundamental para vivir”

“When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.”

“Life is just mirrors and misunderstandings.”

“The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father”


“Try to be "good", you'll be judged. Try to be yourself, you'll be criticized. Therefore, choose the second option. Evil uses the "nice good people" as puppets. It appears dressed as a poor guy, telling them that he needs help...When these people realize they have been used, it is already too late.”

“You move forward. You face up to your challenges. You don't retreat. You're young, and sometimes you'll wish you could. But don't.”


“[Poem: Slates of Grey]
Sullen faces like slates of grey—
What I’d seen on a walk today.
Bodies rushing bodies bolting
Time for life a disregarding.
Money to make and to grow old
What about the hands to hold?
Deadlines, projects, people to meet
What about our own two feet.
Sullen faces like slates of grey...
What I’d see most anyday.”


“Patrick: Is fear rith maith nά drochseasamh.
Jessica:And that means what?
Patrick: A good run is better than a bad stand.
Jessica: Oh. And that means what?
Patrick: It means, Jessica, that life is about choices. Sometimes you fight, sometimes you flee, but you never surrender.”


“Words are like eggs dropped from great heights. You can't ever put the pieces back together after they hit home.”


“لقد علمتني أنه من الممكن الاستمرار في الحياة ، ولا يهم مقدار الحزن الذي نعانيه”


“But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that wil carry him into places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”


“Have the courage to let some go, and sacrifice for some to stay; thus, live and make life your own way.”

“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”


“من المستحيل أن تحمي أطفالك من الإحباط أو خيبة الأمل التي سيصادفونها في حياتهم”


“The ultimate measure of a person is not her mistakes or accomplishments, but what she does with them.”

“Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.”


“The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents.
This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch.
Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.”


“In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time.”


“ليس هناك شيء يمكنك قوله لتجعل شخصًا ما يتوقف عن الشعور بالألم . ففي نصف المرات ، أشعر وحسب أنني يجب أن أخبرهم الحقيقة . وأن أقول : سوف تشعرون لمدة ثلاثة أشهر بشكل أسوأ مما شعرتم به في حياتكم ، وسوف تكافحون قدر استطاعتكم ، وبعد سنة أشهر لا يكون الألم بذلك السوء ، ولكنه لا يزال يؤلم أكثر مما تظنون ، حتى بعد سنوات ، ستبقون تجدون أنفسكم تفكرون بالشخص الذي فقدتموه ، وتحزنون بشأن ذلك ، وستبقون تفتقدونه طوال الوقت”


“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”



“To suffer without complaint is the only lesson we have to learn in this life”


“Some things better left unspoken”


“There is nothing like a crisis to define who you are.”

“This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.”


“To be alive, it seemed to me, as I stood there in all kinds of sorrow, was to be both original and reflection, and to be dead was to be split off, to be reflection alone.”


“Things are always given to us when we need them... You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make it
yours. (Acheron)”


“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”

“Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.”


“There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.”

“You can't learn everything you need to know legally.”


“But circumstances change. Small causes lead to large effects. New paths are added.
And all anyone can do . . . is choose.”


“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”

“New Year - a new chapter, new verse, or just the same old story ? Ultimately we write it. The choice is ours.”


“I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.”

“They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor.”

“In other words, it was a struggle with himself. And the product of that struggle: anger, bitterness, resentment, envy or transformation, aspiration, hope, decency..the product of that struggle is the quality of your life and the nature of your soul.”


“1. Do what you say you're gonna do
2. Show up!
3. Give genuine praise whenever you can
4. Never say sorry when you don't mean it
5. Never use sarcasm in email (and use the corny ass emoticons)”

“Think about it. Every time you fail at a task you've actually learned something new. The question is "what?”

“We get so caught up in the life we are leading and forget that we are capable of living.
Caring for Eleanor by Sonia Rumzi”

“We need no language to laugh”


“LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT?
YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE.
BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.”


“إننا نخالُ كلَّ شيء مهيّأ من تلقاء نفسه لخدمتنا ، وأنَّ على عناصر الوجود تلبية إشارتنا وإجابة رغبتنا ، لا لعلَّةٍ واضحةٍ سوى أننا نريد، وعلى الكون كله التنفيذ !!”


“Totul se plateste.Inclusiv iluziile.”


“When the chips are down, you are given
the chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.”

“Love and be loved. Settle for no less. Ask for no more.”


“Another summer day has come and gone away in Paris and Rome, but I wanna go home..." Home-Alan Chang; Amy Foster-Gillies; Michael Buble”


“At an age when most children are playing hopscotch or with their dolls,you, poor child, who had no friends or toys, you toyed with dreams of murder, because that is a game to play alone.”


“Be strong enough to say this to yourself -Sins were mine, and so shall I have to pay for it”


“Ars longa vita brevis”

“The moment you put someone on a pedestal they will look down upon you. The trick is respecting each other equally.”

“-We need more love, to supersede hatred, -We need more strength,
to resist our weaknesses,
-We need more inspiration,
to lighten up our innermind.
-We need more learning,
to erase our ignorance,
-We need more wisdom,
to live longer and happier,
-We need more truths, to suppress deceptions,
-We need more health,
to enjoy our wealth,
-We need more peace, to stay in harmony with our brethren
-We need more smiles,
to brighten up our day,
-We need more hero's, and not zero's,
-We need more change of ourselves, to change the lives of others,
-We need more understanding,
to tackle our misunderstanding,
-We need more sympathy,
not apathy,
-We need more forgiveness,
not vengeance,
-We need more humility to be lifted up,
-We need more patience and not undue eagerness,
-We need more focus, to avoid distraction,
-We need more optimism,
not pessimism
-We need more justice,
not injustice,
-We need more facts, not fiction,
-We need more education,
to curb illiteracy,
-We need more skills, not incompetence,
-We need more challenges,
to make attempts,
-We need more talents,
to create the extraordinary,
-We need more helping hands,
not stingy folks,
-We need more efforts,
not laziness,
-We need more jokes, to forget our worries, -We need more spirituality,
not mean religion,
-We need more freedom,
not enslavement,
-We need more peacemakers,
not revolutionaries...with these, we create an heaven on earth.”

“Appreciate every little beautiful moment in every day of your life. Give it a try and you'll see the world from another perspective.”

“The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.”

“When we have faith and discipline everything becomes easier. Patience is the mother of all virtues. With anxiety all our lives become worse.”

“Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.”



“We need to get rid of hate, envy, jealousy, discord in ourselves, so we can reach a solution in terms of peace in order to feel that time has come for human happiness.”

“قد لا ينقذ من يطلب العدل العالم,و لكنه ينقذ نفسه.”


“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”

“When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart...”


“Tears do not replace sweat, at least it never did in me... When I just cry, I'm in the same situation.”

“Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.”


“You just can't go back and expect your mind to be blown by the same thing every time. Life doesn't work that way.”


“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”

“Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.”

“When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things”


“So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.”


“An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.”


“All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.”

“We appreciate most that which we have lived without.”


“Judge not,lest you be judged.”

“Was it always to be like this? she wondered. A moment of joy followed by a new sorrow?”


“In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.”

“Extend to each person, no matter how trivial the contact, all the care and kindness and understanding and love that you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again”

“There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.”


“… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -”


“Sometimes it’s the complication, which just lies in our minds”


“People so often loose sight of the magic in life once they understand how it works.”

“As the manager sits before a performance, as the critics wait like hungry dogs to rip apart the performance, they all become entwined in the theatrics of it all.”


“هناك أشياء لا يمكن الجدل فيها، والعلاقة بين رجل وامرأة
أحدها. لا يمكنك، مهما أوتيت من منطق أو عقل، أن تفهم علاقة رجل بامرأة ما لم تكن أنت هذا الرجل أو
هذه المرأة. فكيف أحكم عليه أو أنصحه؟ ولِمَ؟
رواية باب الخروج”

“A man can live on his wits and his balls for only so long.”



“Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…”


“I was a new person then, I knew things I had not known before, I knew things that you can know only if you have been through what I had just been through.”


“Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.”


“The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.”

“Treat people as an end, and never as a means to an end”

“In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.”


“Inside me there was everything I had believed was outside. There was, in particular, the sun, light, and all colors. There were even the shapes of objects and the distance between objects. Everything was there and movement as well… Light is an element that we carry inside us and which can grow there with as much abundance, variety, and intensity as it can outside of us…I could light myself…that is, I could create a light inside of me so alive, so large, and so near that my eyes, my physical eyes, or what remained of them, vibrated, almost to the point of hurting… God is there under a form that has the good luck to be neither religious, not intellectual, nor sentimental, but quite simply alive.”


“Jangan trauma dengan pengkhianatan masa silam. Jangan bimbang dengan pengkhinatan masa akan datang. Tetapi binalah cita-cita besar yang mampu ’meremehkan’ semua itu. Dengan cita-cita besar kita akan menjadi raja. Bukan raja untuk berbangga tetapi raja yang mempunyai keyakinan diri dan kemurnian reputasi. Biarlah anjing menyalak bukit. Bukit tidak akan runtuh. Begitulah orang yang menikam kita dari belakang… kerana dia hakikatnya lemah penakut dan tidak punya keyakinan diri untuk bertarung secara berdepan”

“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”

“Maybe God created the desert so that man could appreciate the date trees”


“Every little bit of peace I bring someone is worth the peace I never had.”

“No one can take the shot for you.”


“When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.”

“¡Si nuestra amistad depende de cosas como el espacio y el tiempo, entonces, cuando por fin superemos el espacio y el tiempo, habremos destruido nuestra propia hermandad! Pero supera el espacio, y nos quedará sólo un Aquí. Supera el tiempo, y nos quedará sólo un Ahora. Y entre el Aquí y el Ahora, ¿no crees que podremos volver a vernos un par de veces?”


“Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”

“I'm not irreplaceable ... I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it ...”

“Children pay little attention to their parents' teachings, but reproduce their characters faithfully”

“The crack in your heart allows light in. ~ GOOD FORTUNE page 238”

“A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl.”

“Well, it's a good life and a good world, all said and done, if you don't weaken.”


“Одинок полет
Светлячка в ночи.
Но в небе - звезды.
"В чем же смысл интуитивно возникшего во мне трехстишья? Человек - одинокий светлячок в бескрайнем мраке ночи. Свет его так слаб, что освещает лишь крошечный кусочек пространства, а вокруг лишь холод, тьма и страх. Но если отвести испуганный взгляд от находящейся внизу темной земли и посмотреть ввысь (всего-то и надо - повернуть голову!), то увидишь, что небо покрыто звездами. Они сияют ровным, ярким и вечным светом. Звезды - твои друзья, они помогут и не бросят в беде. А чуть позже ты понимаешь другое, не менее важное: светлячок - тоже звезда, такая же, как все остальные. Те, что в небе, тоже видят твой свет, и он помогает им вынести холод и мрак Вселенной.
Наверное, моя жизнь не изменится. Я буду такой же, как прежде, - и суетный, и вздорный, и подверженный страстям. Но в глубине моей души будет жить достоверное знание. Оно спасет и поддержит меня в трудную минуту. Я больше не мелкая лужа, которую может расплескать по земле сильный порыв ветра. Я - океан, и буря, прокатившись всесокрушающим цунами по моей поверхности, не затронет сокровенных моих глубин.”


“We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was”


“She didn’t need hope anymore because she knew the things you wanted weren’t necessarily the things that you needed. She knew that the things that were meant to be just happened. You couldn’t control them like she once thought.”

“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”

“Your spirit lives on in your work. YOU decide what manner of work that will be.”


“Finally (Evangeline) whispered, "I wish that I had been more prepared."
"We prepare all of our lives for such moments," Dr. Raphael said, crossing his arms and looking at me with a critical gaze. "When the time comes, we can only expect that we have learned enough to succeed.”


“Given a choice between goose egg and heartache, I would choose heartache.”

“somehow people forget that there is God....
what more to us we're just individuals,,
to forget is part of imperfections..”

“Seorang ibu akan selalu khawatir memikirkan anaknya, setiap hari selama hidupnya.”


“Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.”



“Those who are made can be unmade.”


“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”

“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”


“If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.”


“Choose battles that you can win without losing your heart and your soul.”

“I guess god simply wants me to meet many wrong people before I meet the right one.”


“I used to belong to a family unit, with a foster mom and dad and my little sister, Bean, but that's over and I don't want to talk about what happened , or how unfair it was. Not yet. The less said about that the better, because if there's one thing I learned from Ryter it's that you can't always be looking backward or something will hit you from the front.”


“I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.”

“In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience”

“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”


“To all those who care,
You can't forever.
Time steals the years,
And your reflection in the mirror.
But I can still see the story in your eyes,
And your timeless passion that’s never died.
While your skin became tired,
Your heart became strong,
The present became the past,
And your memories like a song.
And though the moment at hand is all that we have,
You’ve taught me to live it like it is our last.
Since two words don't say ‘thank you’ the way they are meant to,
I'll try all my life to be something like you.”


“Goodness could be found sometimes in the middle of hell.”


“If not in the moment, where do you propose to live?”

“When a stone is dropped into a pond, the water continues quivering even after the stone has sunk to the bottom.”


“Just know I am
Not there to catch you
But I am there for you”


“A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life. A heart such as this, I too desire.”

“How long had it had been since she'd thought back on the evenings around the fire, number games at the kitchen table, or listening to her father sing? Too long. Yes, there had been bad times. And she had tallied them like figures in a column, not remembering to factor in the good. She had doctored the books.”


“One man gathers what another man spills”


“This thing I am feeling, I’m almost certain, is the closest I’ll ever come to standing somewhere in between truth and reconciliation.”


“We tend to be judged because of our actions.”

“The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence”


“I think one can tell a lot about a person from the way he chooses to let the stub of his cigarette burn out...”

“One way or another, I think we are all destined to learn the same lessons in life. Universal truths are universal truths. They cannot be changed. ”


“If you want to succeed in the world you must make your own opportunities as you go on. The man who waits for some seventh wave to toss him on dry land will find that the seventh wave is a long time a-coming. You can commit no greater folly than to sit by the road side until someone comes along and invites you to ride with him to wealth or influence”

“Don't buy into a superficial reality. It has an expiration date.”


“You can't worry about the future so much that you miss out on the present.”


“At the time we were all convinced that we had to speak, write,and publish as quickly as possible and as much as possible and that this was necessary for the good of mankind. Thousands of us published and wrote in an effort to teach others, all the while disclaiming and abusing one another. Without taking note of the fact that we knew nothing, that we did not know the answer to the simplest question of life, the question of what is right and what is wrong, we all went on talking without listening to one another.”


“Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it.
You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth.”


“You don't learn anything just by reading books.
You learn only by receiving blows.”

“If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.”

“You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.”

“We must be careful more than ever what we let our hearts believe in.”

“Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. -Frank Zappa, composer, musician, film director (1940-1993)”

“Wer einmal sich selbst gefunden, kann nichts auf dieser Welt mehr verlieren.”

“Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.”

“Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.”

“If all the women over the world have been permitted to be married to only one man, except one woman. He'd love to marry that woman. That is the imprint of man”

“You have to live your life and not count on things being there tomorrow or the next day.”



“Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.”


“It doesn't matter where your journey begins, so long as you begin it...”

“I do not regret one moment of my life.”

“Learn to recognize good luck when it's waving at you, hoping to get your attention.”

“Even in the fiercest battles the Butterflies and Bee's still kiss the flowers.”

“There is nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (209) - "Effort is Everything" by Bud Selig”


“If nothing changes then nothing changes.”

“An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.”

“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you...Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”


“إن طلب العدل مرض,و لكنه المرض الوحيد الذى لا يصيب الحيوانات,كل ما فى الأمر أننا انا و أنت شفينا من هذا المرض فأصبحنا نرى أعراضه على الاّخرين.”


“There's a fine line between deserving and just desserts.”

“Las cosas fluyen hacia donde tienen que fluir, y por más que te esfuerces e intentes hacerlo lo mejor posible, cuando llega el momento de herir a alguien lo hieres. La vida es así.”


“Remember never to text and drive, it's bad grammar, even if you have a deadline. You might cross the line and dead may be your destination. Think about it!!”

“Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.”


“Everything that seems imperishable tends to extinguishment.”

“Remember tomorrow has it own plans.so if you plan for tomorrow dont think tomorrow will favor you.”

“Sto lavorando duro per preparare il mio prossimo errore.”

“I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.”

“أن الحياة فيها المسرات و الأحزان ، ولم يكن الأمر يستحق الطاقة لينزعج المرء من الأحزان ، ليس لأنه لا مفر منها وحسب بل ولأنها تنقضي أيضًا”


“Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.”


“Ciascuno esamini i propri pensieri: li troverà sempre occupati dal passato e dall'avvenire. Non pensiamo quasi mai al presente, o se ci pensiamo, è solo per prenderne lume al fine di predisporre l'avvenire. Il presente non è mai il nostro fine: il passato o il presente sono i nostri mezzi; solo l'avvenire è il nostro fine. Così non viviamo mai, ma speriamo di vivere, e, preparandoci sempre ad essere felici, è inevitabile che non siamo mai tali.”

“I never heard sound and thrill of my painful heart until that very day she touched it.”

“Memories are of the ethereal, and not the material world, that is how I know I am forever.”

“O holy Sunday, let your darkness not come along my way. Let her nurture internal and external world, as I start my personal day.”

“How initially 'to get her in the sack' and subsequently to avoid 'her giving you the sack' are not identical dilemmas faced by the male species, but they sure have a bizarre habit of being bedfellows”



“If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.”

“Tendencies. Yougottendencies. Soevenifyoudideverythingoveragain, yourwholelife, yougottendenciestodojustwhatyoudid, alloveragain. -The Sheep Man.”


“The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.”

“الأحلام الميتة تواصل تعفّنها فينا ، وإفساد جونا كله”


“Hidup itu adalah rangkaian perjuangan demi perjuangan. Maka janganlah ada yang menyerah berputus asa dan menganggap perjuangan hidup adalah satu yang sia-sia. Tetaplah tegar meski yang lain berguguran. Tetaplah tersenyum meskipun perjuangan ini terasa pahit dan berliku. Kerana DIA tidak akan mensia-siakan perjuangan kita”


“Life lessons cannot be applied topically.”

“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”

“إذا لم أشعر بحياة تنمو داخلي ، فلن أتمكنّ من تقبّل الحياة خارجي”


“So it is that God tugs at a pilgrim's sleeve telling him to remember that he is only human. He must be his own man, remain in exile, and belong to himself. He must pay attention to his own feelings and to the meaning of what he does, if he is to be for himself, and yet for others as well.”


“I am thankful to all the souls, I meet in the journey of life.”


“If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.”

“Life on the run was filled with dreams, some at night during sleep, real dreams, and some when the mind was awake but drifting. Most were terrifying, the nightmares of the shadows growing bolder and larger. Others were pleasant wishes of a rosy future, free of the past. These were rare, Patrick had learned. Life on the run was life in the past. There was no closure”


“It is when we are confronted with...poignant reminders of mortality that we become most aware of the strangeness and wonder of our brief life on Earth.”

“Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life..."It's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.”

“Ponekad ti donosiš odluke u životu, a ponekad se odluke donesu same.”


“Ada sesuatu untuk semua orang di dunia ni, betul nek?”


“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”

“There are moments on stage when everything comes together. Then the kid in the front row coughs.”


“Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.”

“The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk.”

“اعتبر كافة المواقف التي تحدث أمامك السلبية منها و الإيجابية بمثابة فرص تعلمك أفضل الطرق للتعامل مع ما يضايقنا”


“I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.”


“If you don't eat pussy, keep walking.”

“I knew long ago and rediscovered that the best way to attract attention,help,and conversation is to be lost.A man who seeing his mother starving to death on a path kicks her in the stomach to clear the way, will cheerfully devote several hours of his time giving wrong directions to a total stranger who claims to be lost”


“Keep Patience, it is happening for you, somewhere.”


“Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”


“Waiting. Like it or not, it's a skill all spies have to master eventually.”



“You ought to stop listening to stereotypes and start forming your own opinions.”


“It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.”


“It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.”

“If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.”

“I am going to sit here in the river. If you go home to sleep, I will sleep in front of your house. And if you go away, I will follow you--until you tell me to go away. Then I'll leave. But I have to love you for the rest of my life..”


“Even when we do not actively participate in our destiny, we are still on a chosen path. Life has a way of making decisions for us.”

“After awhile you realize that putting your actions where your mouth is makes you less likely to have to put your money where your mouth is.”


“Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarce in that.”


“Each of our lives’ is a separate and precious journey. No matter how happy, sad, painful, tragic or confusing it may by, it is unique and beautiful. No matter if we hurt others or if we ourselves were hurt, it happened and it is part of our story.
If we think we can have complete control over this journey, our journey will wake us up… usually with a very unpleasant surprise.
More than genetics, money or education, it is our journey who defines who we are. It defines what kind of person you are. Not the experiences you encountered nor the happy or traumatic events you may have endured. But rather how we dealt with those events and how we continue to deal with those events; when we evaluate ourselves and how we treat others.
Your journey is part of your story. But it is not the complete story of who and how you are. You are a soul, a spirit, who has traveled through this life and along the way; you learned and gathered bits and pieces from here and there. And you, yourself, have woven together a soul, a spirit. And that is who you are today. You define… you.
Oh, and just in case you thought your journey, your story was over… surprise, its not. So keep weaving. You are not finished yet. It is never to late to define who you are.”

“Women are the cradles of life. What sort of man tries to break a cradle (Marc)”


“What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.”

“People say, that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. But they are wrong. What doesn't kill you, doesn't kill you.”


“Every negative...
Has a positive side...”

“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”

“Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.”

“I thought I had everything until I found you.”

“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”


“I have learned that when you make big decisions, life says, 'Fuck you. This is what you actually have in store.”

“Peer beyond the wall of doubt to embrace the possibilities.”


“You Don't need anyone to live a full life, You just need to find yourself!”

“One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home ... With this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.”


“لو كان العقل على قدر كلام الرجل، لكان الثرثار أكبر الناس عقلاً، ولو كان العلم على قدر حفظ المسائل لكان التلميذ أوسع من أستاذه علماً، ولو كان الجاه على قدر الفضائل لما كان للأشرار نفوذ، ولو كان المال على قدر العقل لكان أغنى الناس الحكماء، وأفقر الناس السفهاء، ولو كان الخلود على قدر نفع الناس لما خلد السفاحون والطغاة وأكثر الملوك والزعماء.”


“No longer do I sing, dance or draw pictures; but God has granted me the gift to do them all in my stories.”

“I have a shocking memory - I remember everything.”

“Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”

“Our deeds determine us, as long as we determine our deeds”


“It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.”

“La vida es esencialmente injusta. De eso no cabe la menor duda. Pero creo que incluso de las situaciones injustas es posible extraer lo que de "justicia" haya en ellas. Puede que ello cueste tiempo y esfuerzo. Y puede que ese tiempo y esfuerzo sean en vano. Decidir si merece o no la pena intentar extraer esa "justicia" es algo que, queda al criterio de cada uno.”


“Remember:
there are no mistakes
only lessons love yourself
trust your choises and everything is POSSIBLE”

“There was only one guy in the whole Bible Jesus ever personally promised a place with him in Paradise. Not Peter, not Paul, not any of those guys. He was a convicted thief, being executed. So don't knock the guys on death row. Maybe they know something you don't.”



“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”


“Embrace nothing:
If you meet the Buddha, kill the Buddha.
If you meet your father, kill your father.
Only live your life as it is,
Not bound to anything.”

“Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?”

“أتعرف سبب رفضي لارتكاب هذه الفعلة الدنيئة؟ لأني لا أزال راغباً في سماع صوت الموسيقى في خرير الماء، وأن أطرب لغناء الطير وحفيف أوراق الشجر”

“It's a hard life if you don't weaken.”

“A rose is not its thorns, a peach is not its fuzz and a human being is not his or her crankiness.”

“My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.”


“When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.”


“Just the sight of one another, just the sight of our smiles was enough to fill our hearts with the joy of seeing each other again.”

“Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile”

“To be at peace with others you must be at peace with yourself.”

“I didn't know the answers, but I could feel that the things that gave life meaning came from a place within and from the nurturing of values like tolerance, charity, and community.”


“Some people say you pick up the Dirty Boogie where you left it off. Others say you pick it up where you would have been had you never gotten off it.”

“People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.”


“love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody”

“I told her running away from your problems doesn't solve anything. Really it just hurts the people who count on you.”


“We are treated different because we want to be treated different.”

“Cómo está Marta, preguntará él, Cansada, pero bien, responderé yo, y estas palabras también las andamos diciendo constantemente, no me extrañaría nada que cuando transitemos de este mundo hacia el otro todavía consigamos encontrar fuerzas para responder a alguien que se le ocurra la imbécil idea de preguntarnos cómo nos sentimos, Muriendo, pero bien, es lo que diremos.”

“It is singularity which often makes the worst part of our suffering, as it always does of our conduct.”

“Destiny, she’d learned, was written in the heavens; a person couldn’t take what the universe didn’t wish to give.”


“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”


“Absent a sense of the preciousness of one's own life, why respect the life of anyone else?”


“A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results."
Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?"
"The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends."
"To earn forgiveness."
"To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.”

“أن ماهو متوقع من الحياة ليس في واقع الامر هو موضع الاهمية ، بل أن ما يعنينا هو ما الذي تتوقعه الحياة منا”


“Pelit itu payah! Hemat itu jenius!”

“الحياة تعلمنا أفضل وأصعب دروسها فى اللحظة التى نطمأن فيها الى اننا تعلمنا كل شيء”

“‎"Life's book is hard to understand: Why couldst thou not remain at
school?”

“in earth their have only one reason of war,i have power and want to show,”

“Alone with my wine and my misery, I was convinced that life was composed of a string of “if only’s” leading from one self-inflicted bungle to the next until at some point, one’s final iteration of the excuse became one’s final utterance, and one expired.”


“He who forgets the past is doomed to repeat it.”



“Sometimes life seems like a poorly designed cage within which man has been sentenced to be free.”


“Learning was a by-product of her search for pleasure”


“Open the window of your mind. Allow the fresh air,new lights and new truths to enter.”


“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”


“There's nothing good or bad, except by comparison" (210) - Bud Selig "Effort is Everything”


“I don't spend a lot of time asking "WHY?" Instead I focus on what I should do now or how I should react." (p.180)”

“You shouldn't do that," said Laura. "You could set yourself on fire.”


“I long ago came to the conclusion that all life is 6 to 5 against.”


“What are you doing extra? That's what counts. That's when you're working hard - when you're going above and over what's expected of you" (102). - Tony Gonzalez, "The Giant Within”


“It's okay to wander.”


“He wanted to leave the past a few hundred miles down the road, shake it off like dust. But that ws the problem with the past. It kept finding him.”


“Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!”


“We're young. We’re supposed to drink too much. We're supposed to have bad attitudes and shag each other's brains out. We were designed to party. We owe it to ourselves to party hard. We owe it to each other. This is it. This is our time. So a few of us will overdose, or go mental. Charles Darwin said you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. That's what it's about - breakin' eggs - by eggs, I mean, getting twatted on a cocktail of class. As. If you could see yourselves... We had it all. We have fucked up bigger and better than any generation that came before us. We were so beautiful... We're screw-ups. I plan on staying a screw-up until my late twenties, or maybe even my early thirties. And I will shag my own mum before I let anyone else take that away from me!”

“ما أطول الطرق التي نسلكها دون معرفة المحطة التي سنتوقف فيها أو الغاية التي نرغب في بلوغها”


“What science does not understand is called psychology, what psychology does not understand is called religion, what religion does not understand is called spirituality, what spirituality does not understand is called creation, what creation does not understand is called life, what life does not understand is called the death. There is nothing that the death does not understand—simply, it is an ultimate end of life.”

“Join the mob or go for what you want. Give yourself plenty of quiet time alone in order to get in touch with who you are...Focus power of thought. Remind yourself that the world is yours for the asking. The non-risker does not grow, you just get older. When you have decided which ideas, beliefs, relationships, and situations no longer work for you, it is time to release them. Let go of negative thoughts - view them as a flight of birds crossing your path. See them fly into view and continue on their way.' - from Joan Root's diary”


“Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.”

“Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.”

“What river can flood over the mountains of your love?”


“A parents wishes for their children shouldn't be to be as good as them but to surpass their own abilities and hopefully lead to a better world.”

“The way you separate Reality from Imagination is the number of bandages you have to use.”

“The best self help book I've ever read was, The little Engine that Could.”

“In the beginning the Poets and Philosophers taught the world to see. Then after that any form of education was no longer free.”

“I learned long ago to never be disappointed by people. Especially politicians.”


“The belief in death leads meditating about life; meanwhile, the belief in life leads you thinking about death.”


“When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back.... and add a few lemons of your own.”

“Once we are a creation, how much absurdity can there be in our heart without God the Creator.”


“Don't you oh well me,sir," Miss Maudie replied, recognizing Jem's fatalistic noises, "you are not old enough to appreciate what I said.”

“Those who died while trying to make our world a better place, didn't actually die, they proved some points. Our job is to notice them and continue from where they stopped.”

“Read. You can always talk with another reader.”



“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”


“It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...
It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!”


“All have dreams, live for them,
They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that
differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”


“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”


“The two toughest lessons to learn In life are “LET GO” & “LETs GO..!”


“TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.”

“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life
H – Harass
H – Hamper
H – Hurt
H – Harm
H – Hinder
To
Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”


“After years of searching, I have found my soulmate, and it is myself. The bachelor is content. Oh, he still dates women from time to time, and he listens to the wedding marches sometimes too. But only because he likes them.”


“Even English Language doesn't provide you with the Synonyms of the word Success.”

“Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.”


“Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.”


“Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with...”


“People don’t seem to realize
it that it is not like we’re on
the Titanic and we have to
avoid the iceberg. We’ve
already hit the iceberg. The
water is rushing in down below. But some people just
don’t want to leave the dance
floor; others don’t want to
give up on the buffet. But if
we don’t make the hard
choices, nature will make them for u”

“The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.”


“Nature is subtle and complex.”


“But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?”


“La ventaja competitiva de una sociedad no vendrá de lo bien que se enseñe en sus escuelas la multiplicación y las tablas periódicas, sino de lo bien que se sepa estimular la imaginación y la creatividad.”


“If you have ever come up against Nothing you have no idea how it can scare you out of your wits. When I was a child I used to be afraid of Something in the dark. I know now that the most fearful thing about the dark is that we may find Nothing in it.”


“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”

“..we all have to do things in this life that we don't like..”


“Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.”

“Let people busy saying so, you keep busy doing so:)”


“A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.”

“Sleep is good.”

“La vita. Comincia e ricomincia, un'infinità di volte. Un inizio dopo l'altro, finchè non arriva la fine. A volte lo sappiamo, a volte no, ma la vita ricomicia in ogni istante”


“You are on your own now , you have always been & you shall forever be .”

“Relationships is not a game of amateurs is what people say..
But they begin to foster between amateurs and become a reason to make them matured grown-ups!”


“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”

“Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy”


“That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.”



“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”


“Let me tell you: the only way to get rid of dragons is to have one of your own.”


“Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.”


“I wish the army had taught us how to navigate feelings as easily as they did a starless night sky.”


“Goal Of LIFE Is patience,
Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”


“Patience Pays..Is true!
But the greater truth is that it takes
advance payment before it pays you in return!”


“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,
Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”


“Every comforting word is a command from a man of action...
While every word of command is commotion from a man of just words...”


“The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.”

“Once when I was a little child of six or so, I watched a spider spinning its web in a corner of the house. Before the spider had even finished its job, a mosquito flew right into the web and was trapped there. The spider didn't pay it any attention at first, but went on with what it was doing; only when it was finished did it creep over on its pointy toes and sting that poor mosquito to death. As I sat there on that wooden floor and watched Hatsumomo come reaching for me with her delicate fingers, I knew I was trapped in a web she had spun for me.”

“And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?"
"They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.”

“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”


“It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great deal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.”

“You doan go diggin' for gold in an outhouse.”


“Leggendo non cerchiamo idee nuove, ma pensieri già da noi pensati, che acquistano sulla pagina un suggello di conferma. Ci colpiscono degli altri le parole che risuonano in una zona già nostra – che già viviamo – e facendola vibrare ci permettono di cogliere nuovi spunti dentro di noi.”


“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen,
Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”


“...I realize that lessons are meant to be learned, honored even, or else you can spend your life running so far from them that you erect a false existence around the very thing you should be embracing.”


“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character & Brotherhood...”


“You always lose a lot of money chasing after women, but you will never lose a lot of women chasing after money”

“Life does not accommodate you; it shatters you. Every seed destroys its container, or else there would be no fruition.”


“In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.”


“Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.”

“I’m a dinosaur, he thought, lumbering through a world where truthtellers
are despised.”


“People are less quick to applaud you as you grow older. Life starts out with everyone clapping when you take a poo and goes downhill from there.”


“Satu hal yang kupelajari, terkadang kita sering ketakutan duluan utk hal-hal yang sebenarnya tak pelu ditakuti.”


“The trick to taking the paper off the crayons...is to just do it. There is no trick.”

“one is good but ten is better. together is a powerful, beautiful, and peaceful.”

“But what I knew then was that nobody-not even my mother-was to be trusted in a strange world that showed very little of itself in the surface.”


“The present is a point just passed.”

“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”



“لا أريد أن أفرط فى يوم يمكن أن أعيشه,لن أفرط فى هذه الهدية باختيارى ‎‫”


“We may indeed die here, that's true. But we will all die anyway-is there any denying that? When you think of all the possible ways you might go, this is as fine a place as any, isn't it? I mean, to end one's life surrounded by friends, in a comfortable, dry room with plenty to read... that doesn't sound too awful, does it?"
"What is the advantage of fear, or the benefit of regret, or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, 'Life is only precious if you wish it to be.' I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal-do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience?" The monk looked around, but no one answered him. "If Maribor wishes for me to die, who am I to argue? After all, it is he who gave me life to begin with. Until he decides I am done, each day is a gift granted to me, and it would be wasted if spent poorly. Besides, for me, I've learned that the last bite is often the sweetest.”


“With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.”


“In my small way, I preserved and catalogued, and dipped into the vast ocean of learning that awaited, knowing all the time that the life of one man was insufficient for even the smallest part of the wonders that lay within. It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the greatest lesson we have to learn.”


“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”

“Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.”

“Find fault with thyself rather than with others.”

“... time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”


“Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.”


“When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win. -Henny Youngman, comedian and violinist (1906-1998)”

“I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.”


“Being a reader has brought me much joy, laughter, and rich experience. But reading has also wounded me. The sacrament of reading has plowed me open and sown seeds of empathy that have taken root in deep soil. Over the years, reading has caused me to grow from a shallow, self-absorbed youth to one who seeks out the pain of the world. Reading has burdened me with the welfare of my fellow human, but sometimes the burden proves too heavy for my narrow shoulders.”

“Love is all that awaits you.”

“We are not strangers in this journey of life…We are connected to each other through this mysterious field of love.”


“Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.”


“Quien planta un árbol tampoco sabe si acabará ahorcándose en él”

“The only way to set yourself free is to meet each new challenge relatively.”

“An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture”

“So many wish for magic so many beg for fame, but if you could manifest anything you want life would be a boring game.”

“God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.”

“She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at ths age, to tell her he had pitied her for years.”


“الكثير منا ينتظر حياته لتبدأ
ولكن ما لا نعرفه ان الحياة هي جنينك يحمل جيناتك طباعك عاداتك
أخطائك السابقة وطموحاتك ...
كلما كانت الولاده متعثرة كلمة استحق ذلك الجنين الحياه الحب والإحترام .
حافظ دائما على البدايات نظيفة,قويه و متفائله.”

“انت لا تعلم شيء لا تعلم شيء على الاطلاق ..
أنا لا اعلم شيء لا اعلم شيء على الاطلاق
نحن نحيا بعالم المجاهيل ذلك ..نتبع القواعد أحيانا وأحيانا نجري فقط لنكتشف نهاية اللعبه
احيانا نصل للنهايه فندم على كمية الاشياء التي اغفلناها والتي كانت ستحقق لنا رصيد اضافي بتلك اللعبه
وأحيانا نرضي بنعمة المعرفه ذاتها نتمسك بقراراتنا ونقبل على تحسين بالمستوي التالي
ولكن احيانا نصطدم بتلك الكلمه السخيفه
"GAME OVER"
والتي تضمن لنا نهاية مفتوحه وبئر من الاسئله نقع به لترتطم رؤوسنا بالقاع فنهلوس قليلا
!!ثم نعي حقيقة أنا لا نعلم شيء ..لا نعلم شيء على الاطلاق”

“الحياة من غير هدف تعيش له ما تبقاش حياة .. لو ما عندكش هدف دورلك على واحد .. صدقه، وعيش علشانه !!”

“When I was a kid I loved wall paper it added a lot of fiber to my paint chips.”

“Bisogna lasciare la ragione agli altri perché questo li consola di non aver altro.”

“Sometimes the worst-tasting crap is the best for you.”


“And that's what we'll do every day. If you or your friends spray-paint obscenities on our walls, we'll scrub them off, and the people will come. if you break our windows, we'll fix them, and the people will come. If you hurt us, we'll wash off the blood, slap on some bandages and the people will come...any wound you inflict, we'll stitch up. We're not going to stop, no matter what you do. This work is too important. Too many lives are at stake.”

“Las propias palabras, que no son cosas, que sólo las designan lo mejor que pueden, y designándolas las modelan, incluso las que sirvieron de manera ejemplar, suponiendo que tal pudiera suceder en alguna ocasión, son millones de veces usadas y otras tantas desechadas, y después nosotros, humildes, con el rabo entre las piernas, como el perro Encontrado cuando la vergüenza lo encoge, tenemos que ir a buscarlas nuevamente, barro pisado que también ellas son, amasado y masticado, deglutido y restituido.”

“تعلم أن تبتهج ، لا أن ترثى مافقدت”



“Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.”

“إنك تعانى عندما تُبقى الألم حيًا ، لأن الألم المكبوت يخلق الغضب بصورة مستمرة”


“A day of Rest is always needed.”

“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave.
Or so she'd thought.”


“No aprendas nada, y el próximo mundo será igual que éste, con las mismas limitaciones y pesos de plomo que superar”


“Not soon, as late as the approach of my ninetieth year, I felt a door opening in me and I entered the clarity of early morning.
One after another my former lives were departing, like ships, together with their sorrow.
And the countries, cities, gardens, the bays of seas assigned to my brush came closer, ready now to be described better than they were before.”


“Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you....Do your job well, learn your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz”


“I learned that ruling poor men's hands is nothing. Ruling men's money's a wedge in the world. But after I'd split it open a crack I looked in and saw the trick inside it, the filthy nothing, the fooled and rotten faces of rich and successful men.”


“Flow, I must remind you here is a being-systemic process. Depression is a being-systemic deregulation that affects the neurophysiological.”


“He taught us that everyone has a good story and the more of others you understand, the better your grasp of human nature, a gift given great weight in my family" (73). - Bill Clinton, "Paying Attention”


“It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.”


“Danny: I’m a bit jealous, Sheila.
Sheila: Are you, my dear? What on earth for?
Danny: Well, because you’ve really lived, Sheila.
Sheila: Of course I have, Daniel. What else is life for?”


“¿Tienes idea de cuántas vidas debimos cruzar antes de que lográramos la primera idea de que hay más en la vida que comer, luchar o alcanzar poder en la Bandada? ¡Mil vidas, Juan, diez mil! Y luego cien vidas más hasta que empezáramos a aprender que hay algo llamado perfección, y otras cien para comprender que la meta de la vida es encontrar esa perfección y reflejarla.”


“I abandoned the assigned problems in standard calculus textbooks and followed my curiosity. Wherever I happened to be--a Vegas casino, Disneyland, surfing in Hawaii, or sweating on the elliptical in Boesel's Green Microgym--I asked myself, "Where is the calculus in this experience?”


“I was born not to die but to live and never born.”

“A gente nunca sabe se o que lhe sucede é, em definitivo, bom ou mau”

“الحياة هي الفناء ، والفناء هي الحياة . عليه أن يعرف أنّ رغبة الحياة متآكلة ، أنّ مولّد المشاعر هو انهيار المشاعر ، أنّ استعمال القوة هو نهاية القوّة”


“Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.”


“Os homens irão deixar-te, a tua beleza irá desaparecer, os teus filhos irão crescer e partir e tudo o que pensaste ser a tua vida irá azedar; a única coisa com que podes contar é contigo mesma e com o teu talento.”


“re: cutting glass..."You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.”

“Vi ne možete zamisliti kakva bol i srdžba vas obuzme kad veliku ideju, koju odavno i visoko poštujete, dohvate nevešti ljudi i izvuku je na ulicu pred glupake kao što su sami, i najedanput je nađete na tržištu stareži, u prljavštini, naopako nameštenu, bez proporcije, bez harmonije- kao igračka kod nerazumne dece- i ne možete više da je poznate !”

“Adrien Bach, main character from The Maker:
You know, when you’re a kid, you think you’re going to grow up to be something special, do something important. You’re not going to be a regular Joe like everybody else. But then you get out there and life starts to hit you. It hits you so many times, eventually you just can’t get up anymore. Or won’t.
And then you just don’t know. Those dreams seem to fade away, and suddenly you’re not sure who you are anymore.”


“Your mama coming back. Just cause you cant sees a person aint mean nothing. They still there. You worry you never gonna find your mama but she gonna come to you. Close your eyes. I bets you see her good.”


“В разрошената коса, размазаният грим, раздърпаният чорапогащник и смешните оправдания винаги е имало нещо загадъчно.”

“Me propongo a describir, con precisión, hechos que finalmente han provocado mi forzosa estadía en este manicomio con el insólito consentimiento de mi amadísima familia, alumnos, colegas y amistades, habiendo sido recluido específicamente en el pabellón de los personajes famosos, dignidad esta que rechazo de plano.”


“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”


“We humans can never learn everything. The purpose of human life is not to learn everything. Rather it is to learn from every single walk of life and put that knowledge into practice in the pursuit of making human life a little better.”


“There are hundred reasons to worry but the only way to keep out of this 'net' of worry is to pray.”


“What is one common thing every one craves for? It is love... Love others unconditionally, honestly and truthfully. When you fill your being with love, you make yourself healthier and happier.”


“Love is like breathing. You can't live without it.”

“Moving is not about forgetting. It's about moving forward and never looking back.”

“I have stop judging the time i have learned that i was not perfect. So far i have learned a lot about myself and about life when I am minding my own business.”

“Hope may seem frail. But in the face of adversity, hope can be our strongest ally.”



“If you have to explain it, you've told the wrong people.”

“The thing that I'm afraid the most is when I fall in love is... I will hate him someday."
"Kenapa? Kenapa nak kena benci pulak bila dah cinta?"
"I don't know. It's just me.Hati saya senang berubah-ubah. Boleh jadi saya suka orang tu bagai nak mati and then, bila dah rapat, saya jadi bosan. Tak suka.”


“To dream is to desire, to desire is to long for, to long for is to want, and to want you must work to attain all you dream of, desire, long for and want.”

“Don't try to reach perfection. Just try to reach an inner and outer realization of self.”

“Books and school are great for learning but there is no substitute for life and living to provide a real education.”

“I love being high. High on Life, High on Love, High on Hope, and High on Faith.”

“There are so many things that we learn in our lives most of which we can't learn without seeing the hearts of others.”

“Living on Faith.
Striving on Desire.
Flying on Hope.”

“When we can see the star of desire in our sky, we can use our wings of hope and our air of love to reach it.”

“Number 1 is perhaps not the ideal. It is there for the one behind, the number 2. Mr 2 would learn a whole lot more being who he is than ever being Mr 1. Perhaps there is more to the phrase ‪#‎OddOneOut‬.”


“The magic of life hides in the dusty corners of chaos and you must sweep out the cobwebs of confusion before you reach the calm & euphorically moments; your soul believed, existed all along.”

“Our daily thoughts manifest into the life we live and what occurs around us.”


“If you accept life as a competition you will never be completely happy but if you accept life as a journey you will always be happy”

“You know we are living in dangerous time when the act of kindness is revered as an act of heroism.”

“Life sometimes can be very frustrating…
…All you need to do is to stay focus.”

“You can't stay young forever. Being young is a privilege. God knows, how many of them in their death bed wished to be young again and they regretted all the things they should have and should not have done.”


“We see being Flawed as a strength, Celestine. If you make a mistake, you learn from it. If you never make a mistake, you’re never the wiser. These so-called perfect leaders we have now have never made a mistake. How can they have learned what’s right and wrong, how could they have learned anything about themselves? About what they feel comfortable doing, about what they feel is beyond the scope of their character? The more mistake you have made, the more you have learned.”


“Any person who helps you. They help you at their own expense. Using their own resources and time to help you. There is something theirs that they sacrifised. Its very important to show appreciation, When they have help you, because I doubt you would do the same for them, when they need your help.
Because to us, some of our time,effort and things are too valuable to be shared with others.
Never expect the people whom you have helped to help you back when you need help, because you will be very dissapointed.”

“Never expect the people whom you have helped to help you back when you need help, because you will be very dissapointed.”

“Love me, hate me, hurt me or kill me. I keep fighting.”


“Since I sleep fully clothed, I’m able to answer right away. By sleeping with your clothes on, you don’t need to climb under the sheets. You don’t need to disturb a perfectly made bed or even fold the bed back into the couch.”


“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”


“To single parents
Dont stop living your or having fun because you have children. When your children grow, you wont want to let them go. You will feel like they owe you their lives. If they live different lives than the one you expected. You will fight with them, hate them and being hard on them.
Your pain will be based on that you have sacrifised so much, that you gave up our own life and happiness for theirs. You would be blaming them for the life you wanted an didn't live. Infact you would want them to live their own life the way you want to.
You will start to see being a parent its a burden and curse , because of the decisions you took by deciding to stop living and having fun because you had children. You would hate and blame them every single day for the live they are living, because you you sacrifised so much and didnt enjoy your own life because of them.
Never make your kids an excuse of you not enjoying life. Never hate them for the mistakes you made in your own life. Never make them live your life for you. As a parent take responsibility of making sure you are living and enjoying your own life. Be as it may, everyone on this earth must live their own life.”

“I do not believe in a Science that cannot wipe the tears of a widow, or bring a piece of bread to the starving mouth of an orphan. However sophisticated may be the scientific achievements, however well-spun may be the philosophy behind them, I do not call them Science, unless they are put to practice in the pursuit of easing the sufferings of the human society.”


“Infinite patience, infinite purity and infinite perseverance are the key elements of achieving your desired goal.”


“Education is the foundation of all human endeavors. It is the most noble of all the elements of human consciousness.”


“I always find heroes who are just like me,
I forget they’re only human, and like me, broken”



“Well, semua peristiwa hanyalah semata-mata peristiwa, tapi cara kita menyikapinyalah yang memberi label, kan? Entah itu diberi judul tragedi atau keberuntungan.”


“I'm grateful for past betrayals, heartaches, and challenges... I thought they were breaking me; but they were sculpting me.”

“We can't always win the game; sometimes we lose; but that doesn't mean we should stop playing”

“On devient vieux quand nos regrets commencent à prendre le pas sur nos rêves.”

“Every successful person can point to that one single event or moment in their life that was the difference between ultimate success and failure.”

“There is no secret road or pathway to success. There are no short cuts; success just plain requires hard work.”

“You can realize success as long as you build it upon a solid foundation of hard work; follow 'The Six Steps to Success' and you can live your dreams!”

“See, an ugly person who goes after a pretty person gets nothing but trouble. But a pretty person who goes after an ugly person gets at least cab-fare.”

“See, an ugly person who goes after a pretty person gets nothing but trouble. But a pretty person who goes after an ugly person gets at least cab-fare.”


“Now, I ain't saying you should only date sane men (I don't want to kill off all the fish in the poluted sea), but at least find one who's willing to fight on his own.”


“LOVE, RESPECT AND CARE are the things if you will give it; you will get it”

“Life is about learning and growing. Experiencing. Self-expression. And overall, living love in all forms. Our soul’s evolution is dependent upon embracing, and becoming, unconditional love. Acceptance is an important part of that if we wish to avoid resistance and human drama. At the end of the day, we all just want to feel good and be happy. And attaining that is all that matters because then, we can be the highest versions of ourselves. The ups and downs of life are what make it real for us. The ups and downs that we experience within ourselves are what make us real, and human. In order to fully live each and every day, we need to open to all of life and all of ourselves. Resistance puts a kink in that seamless plan and brings us more of what we do not want.”


“Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)"
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go
So make the best of this test, and don't ask why
It's not a question, but a lesson learned in time
It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,
I hope you had the time of your life.
So take the photographs, and still frames in your mind
Hang it on a shelf in good health and good time
Tattoos and memories and dead skin on trial
For what it's worth, it was worth all the while
It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,
I hope you had the time of your life.
It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,
I hope you had the time of your life.
It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,
I hope you had the time of your life.”

“Even when it gets messy, get out as cleanly as possible!”

“I used to hold you as my everything,
And so I built my castles in your lands,
But you proved to me your inadequacies,
With this, how will my castles stand?”


“Life is harder than you thought, you must face the challenges that comes to your life and fight with Love and Dignity in-order to have a successful life.”

“Almost doesn't count.”

“Motivating others leads to success whereas inspiring others leads to greatness.”

“Look back in life, just make sure your rolling forward first.”

“You Can't Live If You Can't Die”

“Nothing Happens for the First Time”


“There is no such thing as false or real hope. Hope is the brain's natural mood-stabilizer. And an illusory friend that gives hope and eases the struggle of one's daily life, is much better than all the living friends who just ain't bothered.”

“Keep trying; success is hard won through much failure.”

“Why are we embarrassed by silence? What comfort do we find in all the noise? -Morrie Schwartz”


“Notwithstanding how uncanny moments of life might be, you never walk backwards. Once you take a step, you move forward by a step with a step. That is life! Even a child would never crawl backward and so would streams hardly flow backward. Just keep moving when it is a must to move!”

“Life it’s a relay. Every person is supposed to play their part in order for success to take place. It can be their own success or someone else success.
If we can learn sometimes we don’t have to make it to the finish line. When you feel like you can’t make it. Don’t hold what you have with you. Pass it on. You’re Information, knowledge, skill, support. To someone else. When they make it. You will also be a winner.
Sometimes people we become so selfish, that we hold what can make others succeed, and by their success we ourselves became successful as well. Maybe you are step 2 in someone success and their step 3 in your life to succeed. They can’t succeed without step 2 and you can’t succeed without step 3. So you need each other to succeed.
Help others by doing so you will be helping yourself.”

“You don't need a Superman to save the world
A GoodMan can do the job too...
Try once... Be one”


“If you cannot understand the mentality behind using other people, you are probably a good person.”

“Embrace criticism; it means someone felt you worthy of their time and attention.”

“If you can't find any force of good around you in your life, then be one.”

“There are tests, but there are also small mercies. Life tossed us up into the air, scattered us, and we all somehow found our way back. And we will do it again.
And again.
And again.”



“Toss me like a dough and watch me RISE!”

“In life, think outside the box, chase your dreams, then follow your own path undeterred by those naysayers.”

“It takes hard work to get discovered, to gain visibility in an industry, or to create the opportunity for the seeds of serendipity to develop.”

“Five Ups of life: Buckle up, Start up, Keep it up, Don’t give up, Cheer up.”


“When life is a horror....
Don't look like a ghost!”

“Fictional characters also evolve, the way human being do in real life.”

“Philosophy lets you imagine the infinity, and Science makes you get there.”

“Elevate yourself away from anything or anyone who stunts your growth by distraction, you will never get round to watering your own plant if you wait for there approval to do so. Before you know it there garden will be full and yours would never have been started.”


“In life be your own person, think outside the box, chase your dreams, then follow your own path undeterred by the naysayers who follow the herd.”

“When you patiently examine the beautiful skin of the leopard after it’s hard day's search for the meat it enjoys, you shall not only see the sweat that went into its search for the meat, but you shall also realize the scent of the sweat beneath the beautiful skin.”

“No amount of time, energy, or money can make up for a plan that will not deliver the desired results.”

“Learning to cut your losses is one of the most difficult lessons in life.”

“The biggest secret of success is overnight success does not exist.”

“You cannot water your own plant if you are waiting on other people's approval to do so. Stop living your one and only life waiting for validation, start seeking your own inner voice to guide you.”


“Time if abused is always sure to have the last laugh.”


“There is always a solution to whatever you may face.”


“Look into your inner self to find God, who never enters black hearts, be pure, transparent to reflect his image in your heart texture.
انظر إلى داخلك فتجد الله، الله لا يدخل القلوب السوداء، كن نقيا شفافا فتعكس صورته في أنسجة قلبك”

“Enlightenment lacks any form of judgment.”

“In today's life, Luxury is Time and Space.”

“Each day is a dry leaf, which never comes back to life again.”

“Few can see wither their road will lead them, till they comes to it's end. - Gimli”

“The best advice comes from the one who has made more mistakes– they have learned great lessons! The one who always got it right has surely not lived through the entire experience.”

“Life is not for understanding or to known rather it is for living & only for living”


“90% problems of line can be solved by dropping them and remaining 10& can be solved by effort”


“What an ugly thought it is to die with all your dreams and aspirations locked in your heart, forever unknown.”

“In life, you gotta take the good with the bad.”


“People fail because one of two reasons:
1: They don't know what to do to improve
2: They know what to do and simply aren't doing it
Either way you can take action and change your life.”

“For spirits like ours, freedom is consumption, transportation on beams of sun”


“Sentimentality towards the undeserving is as dangerous as agreeing to putting one foot in the grave.”

“There's always a moment that separates the past from the future, and that moment is now.”

“The Story Of Your Life: The world and everyone you meet will not revolve around you. You're not always going to get what you want. You are going to make compromises every single day. You're going to get smacked down a time or two, or three, or fifty. Throwing tantrums, sitting in the corner pouting and crying over what you didn't get that you wanted isn't going to help you get it. Likewise, pissing and moaning to other people about it all being so unfair. We're all in the same boat, my friends. You can chose to sit in the corner and sulk your life away, crying about the unfairness of it all, bemoaning how everyone is making you miserable, or you can do just the opposite. You can stand up and BE GRATEFUL for everything you do have. You can look back and see how many obstacles you've already overcome, realizing that with each conquest you've become a stronger person. You can realize that your happiness is not and should never be dependent on other people. None of us is going to get out of this Story alive, dear reader. Make the best of the time you have. Make a positive difference. Make your own happily ever after.”

“Time is the wave upon the shore. It takes some things away, but it brings other things.”



“A good student learns from his teacher.
A great student learns to teach himself.”


“Thing about being free is, comes a point where you can't turn back, even if you wanted to....Even if you wanted to, they wouldn't take you. You've gone to far.”


“There are two things we must get rid of early in life: a feeling of personal superiority and an exaggerated reverence for the sexual act.”

“If a person wants to be a part of your life,
they will make an obvious effort to do so.
Think twice before reserving a space in your heart
for people who do not make an effort to stay.”

“Life is a long boring drive on an empty road punctuated by special moments that make the journey worth taking.”


“Volume II, Chapter 4
"How unwise had the wanderers been, who had deserted its shelter, entangled themselves in the web of society, and entered on what men of the world call "life,"—that labyrinth of evil, that scheme of mutual torture. To live, according to this sense of the word, we must not only observe and learn, we must also feel; we must not be mere spectators of action, we must act; we must not describe, but be subjects of description. Deep sorrow must have been the inmate of our bosoms; fraud must have lain in wait for us; the artful must have deceived us; sickening doubt and false hope must have chequered our days; hilarity and joy, that lap the soul in ecstasy, must at times have possessed us. Who that knows what "life" is, would pine for this feverish species of existence? I have lived. I have spent days and nights of festivity; I have joined in ambitious hopes, and exulted in victory: now,—shut the door on the world, and build high the wall that is to separate me from the troubled scene enacted within its precincts. Let us live for each other and for happiness; let us seek peace in our dear home, near the inland murmur of streams, and the gracious waving of trees, the beauteous vesture of earth, and sublime pageantry of the skies. Let us leave "life," that we may live.”


“Life is the great teacher. An unforgiving task master at times. Its lessons are not easily forgotten”


“You'll never get to the happily ever after if you don't move past the current chapter...”

“If you could not do much in the month of April with five letters, think of what really you can do with the month of May with three letters before you open the door of the month of June with four letters. Which is the break time for the entire twelve months of the year. Until you clearly understand how you are spending the year, you shall finish spending it and ponder over how you spent it, year after year! No one is absolutely free from excuses and the challenges of life. You just have to do something great with each day in the year!”

“Exquisite pain.
The kind you wanted to feel every day for the rest of your life.
It was the pain of finally having something you wanted. Something you’d longed for. Longed for since you had memories. Something life taught you to believe you’d never have. Something, if you lived without it, it left a void in your soul you knew would never be filled. Something, without it, you knew you’d never be whole. It was something you needed. It was as necessary as breath. It was what was required to complete you".”

“It wasn't easy, I told you I ran around in circles for hours screaming my head off, but hey, why live in denial? It's more fun to embrace the crazy.”


“There can never be a conflict between science and religion, once you understand the spiritual knack of the human brain circuits.”


“Don't let anything be too much for you”

“We have visions of the way we would like things to be but they rarely are.”


“WE GROW IN SPIRIT
WITH EACH LESSON
LEARNED THROUGH
EXPERIENCE...
LET US BE THANKFUL
NO MATTER HOW PAINFUL
THE LESSON!!!”

“Funny thing about the darkness...
It can be defeated by the dimmest shimmer of light!
So on your darkest days
let even a little bit of light in”

“The questions you would be asking yourself on your deathbed are the very same questions you should be asking yourself right now.”

“We don't get montages or grand finales. We just eat dinner and do the dishes, and absolutely no one's going to clap their hands about it.”


“The peacock that flaunts the superior beauty of its feathers shall soon have them plucked for display by others.”

“in this life nothing waits beyond afterlife.”

“Most successful people attribute failure as their greatest architect in learning how to finally succeed in life.”

“We all emerge into this material soup, mix about with the meat and potatoes of life, and then slip away, back to the primordial germination whence we came. Nascence is a strange business: we forget what we were doing only to come forth and continually forget what we were doing perpetually over the course of a lifetime, until it is time to quit this plane through some unseen and ethereal vomitorium, and presumably forget that we had forgotten all over again.”

“Just for a second, think, how mysteriously vast the universe is! And you the humans exist only in a tiny fraction of that vastness. You’d realize how insignificant you are if you compare yourself with the vastness of the universe. Your universe is everything that is out there. Your little 3 pound brain has access to only a microscopic percentage of that unfathomable everything. You childishly boast your greatness as a so-called advanced species while you only see a very small strip of what’s really going on in the universe.”


“Regardless of the perpetual battle between believers and atheists, for me, religion is a tool of making friends, rather than making enemies.”


“Faith and hope remove worry, anxiety, and fear. Human life becomes very painful and burdensome if a person has no one to trust and love. Then why should it bother an atheist, if a mother who just has lost her child, takes up a doll of baby Jesus or Krishna and pampers it like her own child, while in the process she actually succeeds in coping with her traumatic situation!”


“Life is always in motion; you are either growing or declining. You have the power to choose your direction.”

“It is something that cannot be explained or even understood until you’ve lived it; a man can’t know or fully appreciate his life until he’s been close enough to taste the end of it, and the bonds forged in battle are some of the strongest a man could ever have. We are brothers, the men of ODA 022, and though we didn’t have the same blood running through our veins, we had all shed the blood of others together, and knew that none of us would hesitate to step in the way of fate and take a round or jump on a grenade to save one another.”



“Into every life may come tragedy and triumph. Our goal is to meet both equally with serenity and radiant acquiescence. Yet even from the storm clouds of tragedy, rainbows can appear.”


“Lesser the traffic of thoughts , easier the journey of life”

“When your heart is heavy, sometimes it's just easier to retweet the words of another person who seems to know exactly how you feel.”

“Funny how we do not realize the true value and legacy of a living icon until they suddenly pass away. Truth is, there are many living legends among us, we just do not stop and take time to notice their worth until it's too late.”

“I spent my time
Losing my sense of space and time
I had my plans
I had my schemes
And faith so strong
To know all was vain”

“Tried a bit
just to fit in,
To find the hard way
That all I was a fill in”

“You may give up your big dream and that is very hard! If necessary, give it up but then create a new one! Never live without big dreams because they will keep you alive in life!”

“When we are restless, it only implies that we are everywhere else but in the moment.”

“There were missteps. Things collected that we didn't really need. Money spent that might have been saved. Arguments that we'd one day learn to navigate.”


“What goes into our mind matters a lot to the success or failure of our lives. For so many people, what they heard triggered their steps that led them into discarding the real value of their lives. For so many people, what they heard became a spring board that shot the real value of their lives to a glorious height and for so many people, what they heard made them to choose never to do anything in life. Until you lose your hearing, you shall always hear. But, what you hear and what you deduce from what you hear must not just be distinctive but sound enough to make you take a distinctive step which will produce a distinctive footprint. If you fail to mind the seed of what goes into your mind today, you shall surely mind the fruits of what went into your mind yesterday tomorrow. Mind your mind!”

“Don’t wait too long. Life takes unexpected turns, and we don’t always have the time we think we have.”


“I quit many times but I never gave up; I learned from my failures and arose each time even more determined to try again.”

“Death is easy, living difficult.”

“Even if things do not work out as you thought they should for you, they do - in their own way, as they were meant to.”

“No one dies pre-maturely. As is meant, happens naturally”

“Do it or not, but do.”

“Life is not a test or a competition. We only compete with ourselves.”


“If life is what you make it, the building blocks are your desire and your passion.”


“But I'll tell you a secret. You know what boys like? A woman who's happy with herself. Who's not making herself miserable with the Jane Fonda videotapes and complaining all the time about whether this part or that one's too big. And you know what else they like? She leaned in close, whispering into her granddaughter's ear. Good food.”


“Crowns belong to those that serve.”

“We must find within us a happiness with ourselves which no one else can disturb. Otherwise we give them power over us.”


“Norėjau surasti gyvenimo raktą ir įduoti tau į rankas. Bet matau – nesurasiu. Ne tokie ieškojo ir nesurado.”


“There is no growth in comfort, only complacency. True growth requires life's challenges to reveal and exercise our full potential.”

“Well,” Harry said, “look at it this way: Suppose you were an intelligent bacterium floating in space, and you came upon one of our communication satellites, in orbit around the Earth. You would think, What a strange, alien object this is, let’s explore it. Suppose you opened it up and crawled inside. You would find it very interesting in there, with lots of huge things to puzzle over. But eventually you might climb into one of the fuel cells, and the hydrogen would kill you.
And your last thought would be: This alien device was obviously made to test bacterial intelligence and to kill us if we make a false step.
“Now, that would be correct from the standpoint of the dying bacterium. But that wouldn’t be correct at all from the standpoint of the beings who made the satellite. From our point of view, the communications satellite has nothing to do with intelligent bacteria. We don’t even know that there are intelligent bacteria out there. We’re just trying to communicate, and we’ve made what we consider a quite ordinary device to do it.”

“Change is constant and always happening...The more flexible we are, the more we can benefit from life's changes that occurs.”


“Most people are scumbags. Accept it. Let go. Chill out, douchebags.”

“When you master the art of work, then your life becomes a work of art...and you're the artist and no one else paints your life for you.”

“Your spiritual goals can be as numerous as there are stars in the sky. And so can be your religions. But in all your vivid and diverse paths of practicing religion and spirituality, there is one very common and simple element that knows no bounds. That element is the eternal bliss that enables you to attain unimaginable feats of excellence. It is not tied to any scripture of yours, yet it is in every scripture of yours.”


“I am proud to say to you that, I am a scientist and I accept all religions to be biologically true and equal. My pursuit of understanding the human mind has taught me universal tolerance.”


“And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.”



“Anything that comes easy may not be worth it.”

“Words can be said easily, but one can't fake actions.”


“If you desire a joyful heart, dance daily.”

“You know how we tell the good guys from the bad guys? The bad guys shoot at us."
Best lesson my father ever taught me.”


“I believe that flowers are like people. Flowers come in different colours, shapes and sizes. Some extremely rare and some very common. They are all beautiful in their own unique way.”

“My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.”


“There is a very thin line between- Gobar(cow dung) and Go-Uber!!!!”

“The good news is that you are alive. The essential thing is that you must live”

“The only way to move forward is to focus on the good in your life and the good that you are doing for others and yourself. My past has shown me things in life, others and myself that I wouldn't wish upon anyone, but I can choose to pick up the pieces and build a beautiful life for myself and help others to do the same.”


“Don't judge people on their Religion, Family Or Country they live ... Judge People On Their Nature..!!”

“Reality wins, and I'd rather see the truth than stay in love with a fantasy.”


“When you hoard knowledge, you deprive yourself of blessings and growth.”

“You did not choose this path for yourself - it is the path that was chosen for you. That is the way life works at time. However, the choices you make as you travel the path are always yours and you must make them wise choices”

“Every emotion in the human spectrum is actually a teacher that is here to show us the degree in which we are either resisting life or flowing with life.”


“Make peace with your fears; after all, they are only imaginary friends.”

“When you’re a kid, you don’t think about big stuff that could change your life. You think about small things that might terrify you –like a bad report card or missing a goal in front of all your friends or your friends no longer wanting to play with you. Because that's the biggest stuff you know. The biggest disappointments are all tied to this small little universe of yours, because bigger things cannot fit into a small universe. If you wanted bigger things in there you needed to have more room –or make more room. Perhaps you thought about your parents or your pets dying, which was rare. But all you knew was you would be terribly sad and lonely. And on those occasions when people or pets actually died, someone usually came along and distracted you from feeling too much of your actual feelings. Grownups did that –they never left you alone to feel alone or think alone too much. They tended to think you are too small to know how to think and feel in big heaps, so they took parts of your heap onto themselves. To help – but in the long run –it doesn’t help at all. Because if you do not see, or feel or think, or taste the bitter things in life, you don’t know they exist. You have not seen enough of the world to know how terrible it could be. And unfortunately for Sam, this inability to process change persisted into adulthood.”


“Commitment precedes success. What you are committed to doing you will be successful at doing.”

“The voice of Conscience has needed us to know again who we are in reality.”

“There is a sacred lesson in any situation.”

“If you wish to be happy, listen to your heart.”

“Do the job for the joy of work.”

“Let's go old school to impress people. Wear a smile, rather than a branded dress. Crease out our differences with understanding. And, use empathy, care, and patience as accessories. Then, let's make a conversation, not talk.
Ah, what a fine world it would be! Fine, pure and minus artifice.”

“Everything has a reason, though it cannot always be deduced for we cannot see the full picture of a life at any point in time.”


“My innocence is not lost—it has been converted into wisdom. The sensation we call "breaking" is the pain that comes from resisting the truth. Life broke parts of me that needed to fall away for me to live an open and truthful life.”


“It was as if a blade had shucked his heart like an oyster and stolen the beauty within. He said his heart never started beating again, it just started working and I never understood the difference, not until I was much older anyway, when I learnt that coming back from the dead is not quite the same as coming back to life.”


“You have to risk failure to become excellent.”


“Betrayal converts our innocence to wisdom if we can let go of pain, bitterness, and fear and create enough self-love and safety for ourselves to allow it to do so.”


“Listen or reading success stories give You motivation, but the failure stories gives us the Lesson to Improve ourselves to do it Better.”

“We're born to die, but don't know why or what it's all about
And, the more we try to learn, the less we know.
Life's a very funny proposition, you can bet,
And no one's ever solved the problem properly, as yet;
Young for a day, then old and gray,
Like the rose that buds and blooms, and fades and falls away.
Losing health, to gain our wealth, as through this dream we tour;
Ev'rything's a guess and nothing's absolutely sure.
Battles exciting, and fates we're fighting, until the curtain fall;
Life's a very funny proposition, after all.”


“I love the paradise of being between the pages of a book.”

“Positive attitude, positive deeds.”

“If you do not stand firm in the faith, you may fall.”

“Hardship is the hardest moment to soften the soul.”

“The final lesson is that 'reality' is always the way to go and that acceptance is the only way to get there.”



“They hate you because you act like you're better than they are...." "[they are] Four that you humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of you. I’ve watched you fight. It’s not training with you. Put a good edge on your sword, and they’d be dead meat; you know it, I know it, they know it. You leave them nothing. You shame them. Does that make you proud?”


“Great struggles make for great stories.”

“I do not envy those who live a comfortable life.”

“The deeds and motive of man define his personality.”

“Passion is a realm of flow like a continuous flowing stream.”

“As I explored my soul, now I know I have survived schizophrenia; hearing voices, reduced social engagement, emotional expression and lack of motivation.”

“Waiting leads to wondering.”

“I have nothing to lose in life.”

“Duduk di teras ditemani gerimis yang hanya jatuh satu persatu. Mendung yang berlalu membawa udara segar. Memandang langit biru dengan goresan kemerahan dan layang layang bermain dengan indah di angkasa, gerakan gemulainya menyatu dengan alam sekitar.Tawa anak kecil menambah bahwa aku masih bahagia di sini. RAIN”

“You need a new strategy for every new situation.”

“It is better to experience temporary discomfort to achieve the dream, than permanent comfort without any fulfillment.”

“Life is a spiral.
As long as we lived, we would keep moving forward. But on a spiral path, getting closer to your destination meant periodically passing the same things—emotions, issues, character flaws—over and over again, the way a person walking up a spiral staircase would continually find himself facing north every ten steps or so.”


“I graciously survived depression, mental-illness and attempt of suicide.”

“Learn to be comfortable in your own skin despite what you see and hear.”

“Your life has purpose and meaning. Don't devalue yourself giving someone else meaning.”

“Men love pleasure, but women wish for purposeful promise.”

“Connect and communicate to sacred strangers in daily life.”

“Self importance is self pride.”

“The lack of forgiveness and ingratitude leads unhappiness”

“The student must be humbled to be trained by the teacher.”

“Master the art of learning when it is time for you to let go of dead situations. Letting go doesn't always mean the end, sometimes it is the start of something beautiful.”


“You have friends and you have enemies, the trick is mastering that the only difference between the two is; your friends will plot your downfall without you realising.”

“The trick when it comes to dealing with depression is being able to imagine yourself out of it. When you can picture a happier life, you will be determined to work at the things that prevent it from happening.”

“I watched love and life play out in a million ways, but one of the best things I learned was this: You don't outrun pain.”


“True cynics kill themselves. The rest are posers, trying to use clever sarcasm and snarky remarks to hide insecurity and the fear that if they put themselves out there, they will fail.”


“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.”



“The more you know yourself, the less judgemental you become”

“Time Peels, Time Heals...”

“It is better to be still than to speak when you are angry.”

“Success is to wake up each morning and consciously decide that today will be the best day of your life.”

“Remembering to smile always, even when it rains.”

“Our goal in life is to carry with us the wisdom of experience, yet treat each new day as its own unique reality, rather than comparing what currently is to what has been in the past. When we compare, we plant expectations that then become self-fulfilling prophesies through the Law of Attraction.”


“Self worth is directly proportional to one's proclivity towards mirth.”

“Do not deceive yourself.”

“Do not allow the fear of hurting stop you from loving.”

“Hate in your heart will consume you.”

“Do not forget to love yourself.”

“Do not seek to control other souls. Seek to know your sacred soul”

“The paradox of life; I wish to have healthy long life. But no one wants to show the glory of the gray hair.”

“Endure every hardship with hope.”

“Self worth is directionally proportional to one's proclivity towards mirth.”

“Give importance to those people
who give importance to you.”

“Every day is better when you approach life with a Ken do attitude.”

“You can endure every hardship with hope.”

“Every day decide to adopt a Ken do attitude.”

“Every Daydream-hope starts with little incentives !”

“Things will come up to challenge you, to make you doubt yourself, constantly. You have to have that inner strength, that resolve. Faith. You have to trust it. Or you will keep falling back into old patterns, giving into fears, anxiety, what other people think.”


“Usually, we hate the noise but sometimes we feel empty without that noise!”

“Where or how huge is the place we live or in what religion we believe doesn't matters when there is no happiness in our soul life is as a empty.bottle.”

“A peaceful soul remains peaceful at all times.”

“clouds may fill the sky but they are not the sky....”

“When you are angry, close your eyes, you will regain your inner peace.”

“We don't remember days,we remember moments.”

“The first half of your life goes in selecting the best and odd ones, the second half in getting used to the other.
The first half of your life you dream how best you can live, the second half in getting accustomed with the other.”

“Your direction in life is yours to choose; if you do not like the road you are on take the next exit and change course.”

“Some journeys don't have endings, they lead to new beginnings. These are the journeys that lead to great adventures!”



“I think that in life you don't need too much; you need friends, you need to do what you like doing.”

“The most expected thing you can expect is what's unexpected.”


“A Thousand's of Promises made by us, but need one reason to Forget all...!”

“Once upon a time,
there was a Zen sign
at every small railway crossing in America
Stop. Look. And listen.”


“We never plant trees in other people's yard and hope them to grow. We plant them in ours, water them and take care of them. We should do the same with our lives. Never lay it on others.”

“Today is not just another day nor is your tomorrow; this very moment is part of a great masterpiece to your life story.”

“You ought to explore, search and seek the boundless possibilities in life.”

“Less judgement more compassion.”

“In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied”

“يصارعون الغروب من أجل أن يكسبوا العشاء”

“If I close my eyes, I do not see anything but, if I imagine, I see something. To look beyond what you look and see, use your minds eye and not your eyes”

“People who say you can't do something should be ignored. They're probably talking to themselves.”


“How can i give my children all the things I never had without allowing them to become complacent? How do I teach them that America is a land of opportunity but was never meant to be a place of entitlement? How do I allow them comfort and ease, but instill in them the value of hard work? How do I allow them to grow up in America, but still pass on that tap root my parents left to me?”

“Re-programming your mind, body & spirit is like planting a garden, if the soil isn't right nothing will grow.”

“People don't really change, they just adapt to circumstances.”


“It's always easier to clean up the mess that we make than to come to terms with the mess that we are. But unless we find ourselves doing the latter, we will forever find ourselves doing the former.”

“Developments can happen right in front of you like that, you don’t even see them.”


“Opportunities come unexpected, Grab it and once lost is lost forever.”

“From a book you can learn the theory but it takes practise to learn how to live life.”


“Read. Read.”

“Reading leads to knowledge and wise ways of living.”

“If you read stories, you will learn the valuable lessons of life situations, survival and build strength.”

“God plans every sacred purpose for a sacred time.”

“Money isn’t everything.”

“Explore the infinite possibilities in existence.”

“You ought to explore, search and seek the unlimited possibilities in life”

“It is better to experience than to be told.”

“You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the doorstep for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! Mind your mind!”

“The most painful moments and memories eventually lead to the greatest strengths and growth in life.”

“We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.”



“People are complicated ...you've to be straight forward with your words.”

“True bondage is being afraid and ashamed of your shadow.”

“When a girl cries over a guy, it means that she misses him. But when a guy cries over a girl, it means that no one else can love that girl more than he does”


“I don't want to take revenge or teach you a lesson, but you will bear the consequences of your actions by losing me.”


“The holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps.”


“Our whole life is wasted in trying to change others. For a change, try to change yourself! It is easier and at least under your control.”


“As a couple, you will have to go through life's various struggles. But in the end everything will pass. And if it doesn't, it's not the end.”


“Life is a series of deaths and resurrections, losses and gains, pain and joy.”


“A best friend will stand beside you when other will not.”

“Not every word is fit for every ear.”


“A closed heart opens no mind.”

“Humble yourself, before you are.”

“You are given a life, a death. Understand both while living, and before dying. Or you'd have wasted a life, a death.”

“Give your life purpose and focus. Position yourself to succeed”

“In reality, the world is not an arena of comfort but comfort that works! Comfort that makes impact! Yes, comfort that changes lives and leaves a distinctive footprint! Truly, comfort that does not work is only discomfort at work in silence. So many people shall dwell in comfort without working with it only to meet discomfort one day and remember comfort!”

“If you want something different out of life, you have to be prepared to try something new.”

“Everything is there in being simple in LIFE.”


“At the school of wisdom, mistake is not just a lesson but, a laboratory”

“Somos escravos de tudo que não sabemos; somos livres do que sabemos.”

“Conhecereis a verdade, e ela vos libertará.”


“A vontade fala, ainda quando a natureza se cala.”

“Everyone can be trusted. You just can't give them more than they can be trusted with.”


“You left yesterday hoping to see tomorrow and you shall surely see today so far us you have life. Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings and let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!”

“Sometimes we need to be destroyed by a situation, before we understand how bad it was for us.”

“The more you live, the more today you see, the more yesterday’s you left and the more tomorrow you say! Only those who have lived long can best tell the regrets of yesterday, the lessons in today and the real reasons to ponder before you say and think of tomorrow!”

“Life isn't all about money but this life is nothing without it!”

“Do not just go through the day without pausing to ponder! You shall only retire wondering.”

“Ego speaks from a place of pride.
Judgement comes from a place of pain.
Courage speaks from a place of humility.
Correction comes from a place of love.
Where are you operating from?”

“You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the door step for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! mind your mind!”

“I’d have to prove to everyone, including Ellia, that I was more than some guy she used to know, that what we shared had and still mattered. She may have forgotten the promise we made on the beach, but I hadn’t, and it was up to me to backup those words with action. Memories and ghosts were for the dead. Living things moved, and I was never one to stand still." ~Liam”



“You can’t be friends with someone you have feelings for. It’ll just be a constant reminder of what you can’t have. It’s like putting boiling water in an ice cold glass. It’s gonna bust and make a mess.”


“If you want to move on, you actually have to make the decision to move on. It won't happen automatically. You have to say, "I deserve better than this and no longer am I going to let this get the better of me", and then take the necessary action to move on with your life.”

“Au-dessus des mers de nuages, c’est très élégant, mais… au-dessous des mers de nuages c’est l’éternité.
Above the seas of clouds is very elegant, but… below the seas of clouds is eternity.”

“The words ‘I love you’ are worthless when you don’t know who the 'I' is in that statement.”


“Today’s experience is necessary to equip you fully for the future.”

“She was my go-to person. I’d tell her everything. Now, all of those late-night phone calls, all the sleepovers at her house because I couldn’t deal with stuff at home, all the crying on her shoulder. It’s all gone. It’s like if she doesn’t know, then it didn’t happen, and if it didn’t happen then what exactly am I holding on to?” ~Stacey”


“It’s like returning to a familiar room and noticing objects had been moved while you were gone—a chair here, a picture frame there. Items that were once brand new were suddenly broken in and worn from age. It was all very subtle, but enough to suspect paranormal activity or a cruel practical joke. When no one else saw what you saw, the freak factor really kicked in, because you were singled out and left questioning reality." ~Ellia”


“If your relationship is draining your energy, making you lose yourself and taking your attention away from God, then you are not in a relationship but a cult. You are busy creating an idol (mini-God) for yourself.”

“Long live the dreamer inside of me.”

“Live life daringly. In one moment in time, you will be gone.”

“Life is an experimental field.”

“When you give up, you are giving others control of your destiny.
When you choose not to give up, you take control of your destiny.”


“A beautiful heart, a beautiful smile.”

“Bitterness block the sacred blessings.”

“All I want in my life is-
My mind to Think and My body to Run.”

“Who cares about fault? As my dad would say, ‘Blame is like your rear-end and reflection. Seeing either always leaves you looking back.’ I’m more worried about what’s in front of me. And right now . . . the view is all messed up.” ~ Ellia”


“do not fear the tanker but the fuel that is in the tanker”

“The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.”


“Money cannot buy but can save life.”

“Every new travel brings new transformation.”

“Love is not for thrill-seekers, dreamers, or children with short attention spans. And you, son, fit into all three of those categories.”


“Hope can be foolish or misguided, but there was no such thing as false hope. Hope was always true even when there was no evidence to support its claim.” - Liam”


“Even when we earn a lot of money, how we earn it should be a pleasant experience.”

“Just when you start believing life will never work out for you, it has a habit of showing you a solution to your problems.”

“A challenging life isn't impossible to overcome, but it does mean that you might have to work a little harder to overcome it.”

“The best way to deal with your past is not to avoid thinking about it or trying to forget it, but to accept it happened, forgive yourself and move on.”

“Life is funny, when you are young you want to be older and those that are older wish to be younger.”

“When someone is rude to you, don't stoop to their level, stay calm and walk away with your head held high.”

“We avoid risks in life only to die, and end up facing the greatest risk which is having lived life risking nothing at all.”

“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”

“We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”



“Life operates exactly like the Star Wars prequels. It’s boring, bloated, painful when it shouldn’t be, and lacks a cohesive storyline. And ultimately, it only exists to boost the ego of its creator.”


“Let's not become too busy to keep in touch with those who really matter most and need us. Life's short but let's make an indelible purposeful and powerful impact with it”

“If you can think about it, you can achieve it. The difference between your thought and achievement are your self-doubt, and fear of failure. The longer you will take to start, the longer you will take to reach your destination. Seeds of everything that we see around were first sown in the mind.”

“My first interview was with eighty-eight-year-old folk artist Marcia Muth… ‘Your life does change as you get older,’ she told me. ‘You get into what’s important and what’s not’.”


“A person is born to be a CHAMPION and not a CHAMELEON in life.”

“Never is a man wholly a saint or a sinner.”


“If you believe in yourself and work hard, your dreams will come true.
Well...I guess the people who work hard whose dreams
don't
come true don't get to write books about it, so we never really find out what happens to them. So...
If you believe in yourself and work hard, you have a fighting shot at having your dreams come true.”


“Take the wrong route sometimes and make fool out of yourself. Laugh at your mess ups because it will all become a funny story one day.”

“We sometimes have to experience pain for us to have a story to tell. The power to heal from the pain equips us with the strength to rise up again and move beyond it all. We not only become stronger but wise enough to recognize and handle pain in the future. We however, have to learn to let the brick walls fall down so that we can experience true love once more. We must learn from pain and let it lead us to the most beautiful parts of our journey in life. Only then can our stories become fully complete.”

“Life moves very fast.
it rushes us from heaven to hell in a matter of seconds.”


“Life isn't always what you expect it to be. Sometimes it hands you lemons and other times sugary sweets. But there are no shortcuts to your dreams. So if one way doesn't lead you to your goal. Find another one.”

“Imagine, visualize and foresee the life you want and make sure in doing so, you don't get lost in between !”

“In every aspect of your life, try to balance the imbalances to make your life more happier and try to imbalance the balanced ones to make your life full of adventures !”

“Era crédula, aunque lo negara, seguía creyendo en cuentos de hadas, por más que la vida trataba de decirme a gritos que las cosas no funcionaban de esa manera.”


“People will envy you, cut you down, tell lies and despise you, all the while they're watching you.
Let them watch you rise above and succeed. Let go of the negativity and the ill minded. Some people are so blinded.”


“Lesson: Finishing first has many different reasons. Run your race.”


“Surfing and Life hold parallels.”

“Life is like a box of chocolates: You get through what little actual good stuff there is right away, then you constantly fool yourself into believing there's still something good in whatever's left.”

“Beware of wolves in sheep's clothing, for they will feed you delicious morsels that they may later feast upon your tender flesh.”

“The man who dies rich dies disgraced leaving the earth without making it better than he met it. Give to humanity.”

“Shades of gray. Even if our colors are bright, as long as we stay silent, we are like a gray mouse. In praise of our speaking out.”

“Regrets are a terrible thing to live with but, if we take a good look at them, some are not regrets at all, they’re situations that taught us a valuable lesson. Don’t be so hard on yourself it’s not a perfect world.”

“You do not give your precious body to the billy clubs of Birmingham sheriffs, nor to the insidious activity of the streets.”


“You can run from the past, but it always catches up with you.”


“The greatest lesson we should learn is that from the moment we are born we already have everything we need within ourselves.”

“When people leave you, identify why they left and think about what is left”

“I was happy for nights at home, ordering in and comfort food -- for strong drinks on the porch and long talks in the kitchen.”


“Every human life bears a significant importance to the existence of humanity”

“Draw outside the lines! Make the sky purple instead of blue! That's what it looks like to dreamers!”



“The Ice Cream Cone Charm
You Will Never Work A Day Once You Discover A Passion That Makes Your Life Rich & Sweet”


“I've had an amazing life. One filled with blessings I could never have imagined.
Depressed is the last thing I am. Realistic, yes. Sad, never.”


“Life is hard. People can't be trusted. Vigilance is key. Be wise about whom you love, and when you do love, do it with every fiber of your being...'til death do you part.”


“Sometimes when you try to change the world, the world changes you!”

“The world is an arena where things represents things. It is a stage where the same thing is seen from different lenses as a different thing.”

“You get a job when you have the right qualifications and work experience. Similarly, individuals should be allowed to be parents (considering that parenting is a full time job for at least 16 years) only when they completely understand how life/mind works and have implemented it in their lives.”


“You know how you let yourself think that everything will be alright if you can only go to certain place or do a certain thing. But when you get there you find it's not that simple.”


“You have to cross many bridges and you have to walk many paths in your life! But what is more important than this is to know which bridges you should not cross and which paths you must not walk!”

“Create new daily choices to embrace that you are good enough and you are worthy enough, just as you are, right now.”

“Success is not an activity but a process.”

“It is worth to not waste time in chasing a prospect who makes the vendor wait for a long time in the first meeting, as perhaps he could never be converted into a loyal client/good customer.”

“If only you can add just one great and distinctive thing to your life each day, you shall surely not just live and leave one great thing!”

“Silence can answer the question words may fail to answer. If you want to know what silence can do, keep silence!”

“When experience is bought by pain, it teaches.”

“Love is bigger than us. So we confuse over it. And of course its vastness overwhelms. But then that is the only lesson in life. How to love. how to love well, with detached eye but a concerned hand. How to understand and surrender to its countless contradictions. Most importantly though, how to never stop loving.”

“Every day you should up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“Every day you should wake up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“The day drags through though storms keep out the sun;
And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on:
Even as a broken mirror, which the glass
In every fragment multiplies; and makes
A thousand images of one that was,
The same, and still the more, the more it breaks;
And thus the heart will do which not forsakes,
Living in shattered guise, and still, and cold,
And bloodless, with its sleepless sorrow aches,
Yet withers on till all without is old,
Showing no visible sign, for such things are untold.”


“It’s easy to think that as a result of the extinction of the dodo, we are now sadder and wiser, but there’s a lot of evidence to suggest that we are merely sadder and better informed.”


“The dirtiest minds amongst the adult males are perhaps the ones who back-up their support to the women, but back- out seeing when the men are in the same situation.”

“The best mistakes are made when the worst of heart breaks occur. When Love is blind and the captive, faithful.”

“Suppose that we could close our eyes today and see the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow, we would have never wished to open our eyes again for the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow never ends!”

“Sustainable Foods = Sustainable Health = Sustainable Life = Victory”

“Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life.”

“The Hot Air Balloon Charm
Life Can Be Filled with Adventure If You Let Yourself Soar”


“The Puzzle Piece Charm
To A Life Filled with Friends Who Complete You”


“One thing hatred can do very well is to attack what it hates!”

“In any situation, you only need the strength of endurance.”

“Your past karma is what you found difficult or challenging in this life. To heal your past karma you would need to learn your life lessons for this life.”

“[WASHINGTON]
It’s alright, you want to fight, you’ve got a hunger
I was just like you when I was younger
Head full of fantasies of dyin’ like a martyr?
[HAMILTON]
Yes
[WASHINGTON]
Dying is easy, young man. Living is harder”

“Some people are not meant to be a part of our lives forever. Some people visit our lives for a brief period, not to stay in it, but to show us something that we have been unable to see it ourselves. In the form of a gift, a lesson or a piece of wisdom, they change the course of our life and help us to fulfill our destiny.”



“A true well-wisher follows you like a shadow.”


“I could see myself in him. His imagination and creativity awed me. I decided to mentor him but soon he started sharing everything with me and I realized he was your son. I was dissuaded to guide him further, his face reminded me of my days of struggle, but I took things on my stride and continued helping him.”


“Distressed Hearts Have Similar Vibrations.”


“...So the next time you hear that voice telling you, 'you cannot paint', just see that you pick up that brush and paint alright! Creativity is all about making mistakes, and a true artist knows which blotches to keep and which ones to veil in layers of paint.”


“Life is so similar to the traffic blinks; red for the dead ends and helplessness , yellow the ray of hope that is like a dream and the green where life got the desired hikes.”


“Your anger is self-damaging.”

“Run your own race. Fear creeps in when we compare ourselves too much with others.”

“True love happened rarely and standing in the brink of one, it would in all certainty be an act of cowardice to retreat without letting her know his desire.”


“Even the darkest cloud had a silver lining; you can either miss it as you run away to a hiding place as darkness approaches you or you can go seeking it, empowered with the ardent desire to find happiness in life.”


“A superior intellect & sensitive person is not often as comfortable and confident in public as the mediocre minds and/or bumptious people because he thoroughly knows that some will hate his understanding points sheer out of their jealousy, and others particularly duffers’ will discuss and debate about his points mere out of their level of understanding to put the basics out of context.”

“So long as you have life, you can pursue your dream.”

“Often we suffer because we don’t realize what’s essential.
We may want to be rich, but the rich are lonely.
We see all those people on TV that have won the lottery and want to be at their place, but studies show that they are even more miserable after having won the big check. They don’t really know what to do with all that money, take poor decisions on how to spend them, change themselves and their friends don’t see them in the same way.”


“The quality of your thoughts and the state of your mind will define how happy you are as a person. Happiness in your life comes from the way you think!”

“Get rid of grudges and negativity in your thoughts by replacing them with positive thoughts. You deserve a beautiful life.”

“The world is filled with colours galore, each day is a colourful festivity.”

“Every place you don’t want to be at feels like a prison. And we have so many desires, expectations and go back to the past and think about the future so often, that I can safely say that we live in such a prison all the time.
So each time you wish you were somewhere else right now is another solid wall you build and thus make this imaginary building even stronger.”


“No person that has ever felt the benefits of being present can consider himself a victim, or unhappy in any way.”


“Life tells you many stories... but allows you to write your own.
Its your job to make it good"
Victor Ghoshe”

“Kids want to be grown ups, adults want to be young and careless again.
Single people desperately want a relationship, but those who are in one still complain almost all the time and wish for freedom.
The poor want money, the rich want more of it.
This means that changing your situation doesn’t prevent you from suffering, doesn’t make your desires go away.
So you need to change something on the inside.”


“The light shines in the soul, awaken the spirit and gives clearer sight.”

“What are we fighting for?. We bring nothing into the world, we will take nothing into the grave.”

“Svrha je takozvani život poslije smrti?"
"U koji ti ne vjeruješ", rekla je Emmylou.
"Naravno da ne!"
"Pa čega se onda bojiš? Nestanka? Nestaješ svake noći svojeg života. Pa što onda znači ako zavlada trajni mrak? Ti ionako ništa nećeš znati, po definiciji.”


“Rejoice while you can breathe.”

“There is nothing so changeable as our own live.
Er is niets zo veranderlijk als ons eigen leven.”

“When Life teaches you a lesson, write it down and use it ASAP. Many destinies have failed because of lack of attention to important details.”

“Health is real wealth and peace of mind is real happiness. Plant seeds which will bear colorful flowers and make the garden of your life bloom with their fragrance.”


“Life in itself is a big classroom - so learn all the chapters of life well. This chapter of illness is but only one chapter. Learn whatever it has come to teach you and move on in life.”


“Mindfulness helps you understand that the past is gone, can’t be changed and all the lessons are already learned.”


“The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.”

“After a bad trip, don't carry your luggage on board the next flight. Stay grounded til you figure out a new way to travel.”



“Circumstances makes a thing poison or nectar. There is nothing absolute good or bad.”

“It's strange how the worst day of your life often starts just like any other. You might even complain very quietly to yourself about its ordinariness. You might with for something more interesting to happen, something to back of your routine, and just when you think you can't bear the monotony any longer, something comes along that shatters your life to such degree. you with with every cell in your body that your day hadn't become so unordinary.”

“A philosopher is a mathematician, who might not be good at solving mathematical problems but knows 'which one' to solve and 'why' to solve it...”

“The challenge to a person having an open mind is that the foolish people see his brain as an open top barrel and so they try to just put their rubbish things or thoughts in it than benefiting from him.”

“Never be envious of what someone else has.You don't know the price they paid to get it, and you don't know the price they are paying to keep it.”

“Sometimes, life uppercuts those who look down on other people.”

“A Genius always admires the choices of the most Confident Fool!”

“No one understands the lines you are writing, and after 25 years you are the only one that speakes that languge .”

“You must live everyday of your life or you have wasted that many days of your life ...”

“Leadership embodies a spirit of encouragement. It is difficult to lead people where they are not enthusiastically encouraged to go.”

“The quality of your awareness determines the quality of life you experience.”

“Keep up your faith to go high and fly, even after so many pains and sorrow. You can turn from a caterpillar to a butterfly. Life gives you a second change: a call to grow.”


“The biggest moment of your life when your enemy think for a second that you are a good person..”

“Sensibly, it is better to be an illiterate or less educated and make an earning of an amount X than be highly or moderately academically qualified and yet be paid X or even less or marginally high.”

“Bea dice que el arte de leer se está muriendo lentamente, que es un ritual íntimo, que un libro es un espejo y que sólo podemos encontrar en él lo que ya llevamos dentro, que al leer ponemos la mente y el alma, y que ésos son bienes cada día más escasos.”

“Don't be excited to fulfil your speed.There are many who affected with it.”

“If you ever wanted to know how good life could be; start living it without the views and opinions of the world!”

“Life will give you whatever you are prepared to pursue undauntingly.”


“Life has many insignificant pursuits that add little or no value to your reality.”


“To suffer woes which Hope thinks infinite;
To forgive wrongs darker than death or night;
To defy power, which seems omnipotent;
To love, and bear! to hope till Hope creates
From its own wreck the thing it contemplates!
Neither to change, nor falter, nor repent!
This, like thy glory, Titan, is to be
Good, great and joyous, beautiful and free;
This is a long Life, Joy, Empire, and Victory.”

“If anyone says anything factual but unusual & different from that being accepted unanimously as the truth amongst animals claiming to be social, then it’s a sort of ritual since time immemorial to make that person’s life miserable besides branding him mad; and when his idea or thought turns out to be true, it is not a bit surprising to see those people retracting their earlier version to say that they always knew that he was an intellectual and also believed-in in what that individual had then said.”

“Tomorrow never comes but let us always hope that tomorrow comes tomorrow.”

“There comes a stage in the life of a person having feelings, when both i.e speaking out and keeping mum on a matter that concerns everyone becomes equally painful.”

“No ideals. No illusions. Just reality - but more perfect than you’ve ever imagined. That’s what being mindful and living in the present means.”


“Our heads are full of comparisons, needs for approval and attention, a desire to be at other places, imagining things could be better there and thus hating our reality.
We are the only ones to blame for our own suffering.
We hurt ourselves every time we think of how other people should behave according to our standards and then suffer when they appear to be individuals; every time we open a book with so many expectations about it from what we’ve heard and hoped it to be, and then close it in disappointment, realizing it’s something totally different (maybe beautiful, inspiring and challenging, but nothing that met our expectations).”


“There’s a void inside most people.
It’s been created by not being contented with who we are, not being happy with what we have, not being present and looking for something more, better, more exciting out there.
And we’ve always been trying to fill this void with something external.”


“One of the reasons for not being contented is our inability to accept things as they are, together with ourselves, other people, events and every little detail of our days.
And we try to change the unchangeable and control the uncontrollable.”


“If you must go, then go for a while
Remember that first step is a hard traveled mile.
To learn what lessons life has in store,
You must be willing to open each door.
Don't be afraid to experience something new
For each experience will be a benefit to you.
Never live your life in the past
Enjoy every day as if it were your last
Mistakes you will make along the way
Learn from them, and you'll be okay
Set your goals high and strive for them
As long as you try, you'll never be condemned
Be kind and respect the people you meet
For they may be the ones to make life complete
Be sincere in everything you do
And treat others as you wish they would you
Whatever you do, make sure you're content
For the last thing you want is something to resent
So if you must go, then go for a while
And when you return, return with a smile.”

“Never plant a seed if you are not looking forward to the fruit.”

“When I was in South Africa during a windy day, the zebras would not walk out into the open. The wind would carry their scent to lions, so the zebras would starve for the day in order to survive another. It made me think about how time management and success strategy involves sacrifice and discomfort for an overall positive outcome applied to all aspects of LIFE, BUSINESS and the WILD.”

“Some days I don't know what is greater.
My wisdom, or my stupidity.”

“As for your failures - stop calling them failures. Refer to them as "experiences". That's all they really are - just experiences.”



“Constantly engage, enriching your life as much as humanly possible.”

“Life is a maze from which we never escape. Every decision takes us in a different direction and every time we turn one way we could just as easily have turned the other.”


“Never let pain make you grow cold.”

“Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.”

“Gratifying when the basics reflect a fresh light, leading to real continuing ed.”


“The strongest among us are the patient; who when faced with ridicule, respond with kindness.”

“Love" is a brilliant defying logic that thrives on human weaknesses!”

“For so much of my life I felt hated and judged when, ironically, it was probably because I spent so much of my time hating and judging others.”


“There is no great path to greatness than true service. He who knows how to serve from a true heart and spirit knows what it takes to be truly great”

“The past was "built", the present is "assembled" & the future - "programmed"!”

“What if I die tomorrow. Where my dreams, hopes, fears, worries and the love I do with people will go? In my grave?
Actually we all are empty hand with stupid hearts.”

“The truth is precious commodity, not everyone will possess her.”

“When we are able to offer to the other something of ourselves that can engage, nourish or sustain spirit then we most fully speak. Likewise, the forest is a bit more beautiful. The light finds its way in; reaching out to the ground guiding us to a heavenly place.”

“If we never experienced the the valuable lessons from failure, then we would never truly appreciate the pure joy of our success.”


“As an adult, I know about life and death. I know that good people can die too soon and bad ones can live too long. I know that life's not fair, and you take the bitter with the sweet and balance it all as best you can.”


“What comes out of the mouth is the state of the mind.”

“Don’t lose good opportunities waiting for better opportunities”

“It's not about what you accomplish - it's about what you take away from your experiences and how you handle them.”


“Song is song.”

“Impatience can teach us the lessons of patience better”

“(Answers to life) - You don't have to have it all figured out by a certain age or time in your life. It will come in bits and pieces along the way.”


“Having the strength to pull yourself away from the toxicity and surrounding yourself with all the nourishing things you need to grow is a huge accomplishment. although not everybody has supporting family and friends in this new world of ours, but that doesn't mean you should give up, there is a whole world out there full of great people willing to help you succeed you just have to learn how to surround yourself with them and appreciate them, not use them for your own selfishness. And then my friend you have learned a life lesson <3 <3 <3”

“your abuser tried to map your life for you. But he does not own you, and you have the freedom and the power to overcome and transcend the (negative) associations. You deserve to be happy, to be free of any feelings of shame or guilt or fear. You have the right to a completely satisfying sexual life. You are a righteous young woman. If you can get in touch with the feelings and consciously change the awful associations, you can re-map your life.”


“He’s weak, afraid and dumber than your dog.
Besides, you gonna bet the farm on a pig?
The Alien Club”

“The fact you feel alone means you are not alone; we all feel alone together sometimes.”

“There comes a time in all our lives
when truth will set us free,
so live each day as though you know
your last it may well be.
And when you make mistakes, my friend,
as we're all sure to do,
be not so quick to judge yourself
and lay all of that blame on you,
for none of us are perfect.
We know that from the start.
Just do your best from day to day,
and listen to your heart.”

“Quotes help us understand , inspire , motivate ,clarify and show our approach to things around , this is why people and I love quotes”



“كان الواحد فخورا بكل ألم مر به في حياته من قبل ويتمنى لو أن كل غصة قديمة تعود لأشكرها على الباب الذي فتحته أمامي لأخطو خطوة جديدة”


“Growth is ugly, it's hideous, it's all the things we don't like but my god, once you walk through the fire of confusion you will feel burning passion within your flame.”

“Each story provides a beginning, a middle and an end, the trick is, never seperate them through the chapters or you'll miss the meaning of the entire book.”

“Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.”

“If you look at your life as a garden you would see that the soil is rich, full of potential, possibility and promise.
But in order for your garden to be bountiful, you must plant the right seeds, water it with love and provide the positive energy of light,
inspiration and
action.
Always, always be careful of others who will try to plant seeds of despair, try to block out your rain with hate and try to block out your light with their darkness.
I wish you a bountiful garden and ask that you take control of your life so that your garden will bloom with all the beautiful and
bountiful fruits and flowers that you desire.
- Inshan Meahjohn, The Hidden Path”

“The Lord has filled my hands until it spilleth over; I am happy to give.”

“He (Kesri) understood that the gap left by his departure from home had been filled by the continuing flow of their lives.”


“Mere shame couldn't, after all, be counted on to provide the escape of death.”


“(...)- for it does take greatness, I think, to stand resolutely against your own people, especially when you are alone, and especially when you that even history will not be kind to you, since you will have forever given the lie all the claims with which the High and the Mighty will try to exonerate themselves.”


“There is always a good choice and there is always a better choice. There is always the best choice and there is always a choice to choose. If only you would think of the summary of your life tomorrow today, you would yearn to live and leave a distinctive footprint and you would never stand for anything at all”

“One thing that I like about “LAW OF UNIVERSE” or “LAW OF ATTRACTION” is a fact that they are non-discriminative and equitable. “Whatever you wish TO HAPPEN TO OTHERS will CERTAINLY happen to you. Whatever you wish to NOT TO HAPPEN TO YOU, will DEFINITELY happen to you.”

“If I stop to kick every barking dog, I am not going to get where I’m going.”

“One great enemy we must all endeavor to fear not conquering is fear. Fear can cripple purpose and purposeful life. Fear asks question we must fear. Fear makes vision a nightmare. One must always cross the barrier of fear to get to the great city of true purposefulness. A great number of us who are unable to live to accomplish the true reason for our existence on earth are unable to cross the barrier of fear in the first place.”

“If you feel all damp and lonely like a mushroom, find the thick, creamy soup of joyfulness and just dive into it in order to make life tastier”

“The bones of the oak tree that had stood by the spring branch during my youth were scattered about the ground, pieces of the skeleton of a majestic life that had passed while I was off growing up and old.”


“The stitch ripper is your friend. Be one with the stitch ripper...”

“And to no one is this state more attractive than to those whom it is consistently denied.”


“Sometimes during our lives, the Universe ensures that we come back into the silence. If we don’t consciously stop in our busy lives, we may have perceptively negative things happen in our lives, sickness, change, events that force us to stop and be.
So instead of being forced to be in silence, just for a short time, try to let go of your cell phone, your computer, your social media, your news from TV, radio, newspapers, your music, your Internet, your friends, your hobbies, your social events and most importantly your own thoughts."
-Inshan Meahjohn, The Hidden Path”

“You can't have everything, I've often noticed it.”


“[H]aving heard, or more probably read somewhere, in the days when I thought I would be well advised to educate myself, or amuse myself, or stupefy myself, or kill time, that when a man in a forest thinks he is going forward in a straight line, in reality he is going in a circle, I did my best to go in a circle, hoping in this way to go in a straight line.”


“importance of light cannot be understood if there is no darkness”

“its not about their good or bad habits, its about which one you inculcate”

“It's not about the external things that surround you, but it's about YOU.
How you operates your life, how you take your path and walk with it.”

“From hope evolves faith. From faith evolves belief. From belief evolves expectations. From expectations evolve success. As long as you have hope you can achieve success.”

“Learning can never be quantified with a flawed educational unit.”

“Once you are in love, you remain always in love, sometimes fulfilled and most of the times unfulfilled and broken but you remain in love. Beauty of love is to find a way when you feel there is no way to get out of the dark room. I find it more beautiful and accomplished when you are broken but you still remain in love , i find it more astonishing when he/she left you alone but you still accompany him everywhere, I find it more hedonistic when you manage to have a beautiful smile which has struggled through tears.You may say that your beloved has cheated you, your prince charming lied you, your princess sell down the river, though you have done more than that you could do and one question which is even more painful than being slaughtered is WHY SHE/HE DID THIS TO ME which remains always unanswered. This makes your life wretchedness and see who is responsible ....No not your beloved/prince/princess its you only who is in search of something which will make no difference in your life. Let them go if they want to go, if they are happy with someone else, don't beg for the love, let the love come to you automatically.You deserve to be happy, respected and much better in your life. It is difficult to remain in love when someone suddenly disappear from your life but trust me once you understand that you have really loved them, once you understand that their state of being happy is what you always wished for is more important than that they are with you unhappy or betraying you, once you understand that life has always something better for you, once you understand the value of being lively and happy ,,,,,YOU WON'T HATE HER/HIM AGAIN IN LIFE FOR STABBING YOUR BACK ....FORGIVENESS IS THE BEST MEDICINE FOR THE PEACE OF YOUR HEART & DO REMEMBER YOUR HEART DESERVES PEACE NOT THE PIECES. Love is the best thing you can cater to yourself instead of asking from someone else.”

“your real self always attracts your real enemies and shows your real companions.”

“How was possible that a small no of men, in the span of a few hours or minutes, could decide the fate of millions of people yet unborn ? How was it possible that the outcome of those brief moments could determine who would determine who would rule whom, who would be rich or poor, master or servant, for generations to come ?
Nothing could be a greater injustice, yet such had been the reality ever since human beings first walked the earth.”


“Dream more.
Learn more.
Work more.
Become more.”

“When life is foggy, path is unclear and mind is dull, remember your breath. It has the power to give you the peace. It has the power to resolve the unsolved equations of life.”



“I think now we are simply strangers with some memories.”


“Whenever you get something in this world, you lose something too — that's just the way things work.”


“But still, he reflected, I ought to wash my pajamas more often. Life is so uncertain: you never know what could happen. One way to deal with that is to keep your pajamas washed. --Tengo, IQ84”

“Isn't it ironic that a nightmare can masquerade as a dream?”

“You are always going to meet disturbances outside yourself, it's the experience of living ~
There will be dark days and there will be days of laughter and somewhere in between you'll create a healthy balance within yourself and call it a life.
We can't stop the storm, but we can learn to watch it pass.”

“Never allow anyone to hold the key to your happiness, key to your heart, or key to your dreams. Be in control of your life and build your hopes on things eternal. No one should have the power to manipulate your life, optimism, love, or success.”


“Be the woman a man needs. Don’t be the woman that needs a man.”


“No matter how high you reach in this life, it is always better to live closer to the earth.”

“The good thing about being numb is that no one can hurt you, but the bad thing about being numb is that no one can love you.”


“Sometimes things happen for a reason, though they are not obvious at that moment, and there is nothing you can do to control them.”


“Except... what Jesus said was: "I will build My church," not you. The verse is not a prediction, it is a proclamation of the Lord of the Earth, who never once talked of "children in subjection." or "wives be grave... sober, faithful in all things." In fact, reading the New Testament from the Gospels into Paul's letters, is like watching the Wizard of Oz backwards -- going from a world of color and amazement, into a land of black-and-white with insane devout women trying to kill your dog. -- editorial 2014”

“In somebody’s mind, some upper-level suit that was looking at the bottom line and all those red numbers, it made more sense to unload five employees who collectively made a hundred thousand a year and ruin five lives, than it did to get rid of one job-redundant, mid-level manager earning the same amount.”


“I’ve learned some things, and one of them is this...beating yourself up won’t do you any good. Don’t make a bad situation worse.”


“Regret lives not in what we do but feeds on what we don't.”

“Trouble follows me like a loyal dog.”


“Speaking less and doing more says more.”

“How ironic that birth and rebirth are both accompanied by intense pain and loss.”

“A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.”


“No matter how much you attach yourself to what could’ve been, what should’ve been, or what used to be, it will not change what’s meant to be.”


“The interviewers asking an interviewee as how much business he can generate for their organisation, has the same level of stupidity as in a question being asked by an interviewee to the interviewers as how many days he can stay in their organisation. A person who has never actually worked and/or one who has never let the right people to work can only pose such baseless and worthless questions.”

“If you put forward arguments and justifications when you are annoyed, you give out more information to your opponent”

“After two decades there she was, in front of him, almost within touching distance, not faded like in his dreams, but bright and clear and vividly real, looking comfortably, almost defiantly, the same as she always had and then everything she had never been.”


“No matter how much you wish you could change the past, it will not rewind the time.”


“Our demons are friends,”


“James looked at the people around his table. He stared at each one of them as though he were looking at a magic-eye puzzle and he could see all of the different pieces and the colours but not beyond what was on the surface, and the more he tried, the depth, the revealing images, were kept away from him.”


“She wasn’t sure if she even needed him anymore and the thought made her sad. In consolation, she offered him a kind smile and reached for his dependable hand.”


“Their conversation was like root canal without anaesthesia.”


“Self-love is when you are genuinely happy not with the image you see in the mirror, but the person you see.”

“I prepared to get out of bed, tossing the covers aside, the sheets dank-smelling, gray from my body. I wondered how long it had been since I'd changed them. And then I wondered how often you were supposed to change them. These were the kinds of things you didn't learn. I changed bedclothes after sex, now, finally, and that I only learned a few years ago from a movie on TV: Glenn Close, some thriller, and she'd just had sex and is changing the sheets and I can't remember the rest, because all I was thinking was: Oh, I guess people change sheets after they have sex. It made sense, but I'd never thought of it. I was raised feral, and I mostly stayed that way.”


“We think we owe everyone something. We think we need to explain ourselves and we think too much about thinking too much.
And it is funny how we think we know it all, but the reality is this: everything we think that brings us together is everything that sets us further apart. And over thinking of how different we all are; is failing to recognize of how connected we all could really be.”



“One of the most powerful lessons silence teaches us is to ponder”

“Passion lights the fire in every soul.”


“You are the ocean, let the rivers come to you. You are the flower, let the bees come to you.”

“When push to the wall. You have to develop strategies to scale over the wall.”


“Let us be the joy to find the joy
Let us be the love to find the love
Let us be kind to find kindness
Let us be happy to find happiness.
Let us be simple to find simplicity
Let us be modest to find modesty
Let us feel to comprehend
Let us listen to understand
Let us live our life to be
Let us close our eyes to see.”

“Devote yourself to reading, learning and writing.”

“Learn how to control your emotions and don't let them control you.”


“Three great lessons for my children; love God, love yourself and love your neighbour as yourself.”

“You will find the reality of life by reading.”


“The spirituality of your soul will lead to your survival in life.”

“Make time to read.”


“A reader knows the mind of sacred souls.”

“Pada sesungguhnya, kata kemarin bisa menyisakan rasa luka atau pun rindu. Manakah yang sedang kau rasakan sekarang?”

“Das ist es, was ich mit Violet machen will: Ich will ihr das Gute geben und das Schlechte von ihr fernhalten, damit wir nur von Schönheit umgeben sind. (Finch)”


“When I read books, it is like I have met the sacred souls.”


“Live a healthy life.”

“Ich habe gelernt, dass es auch Gutes auf der Welt gibt, wenn man genau hinschaut und danach sucht. Ich habe gelernt, dass nicht jeder eine Enttäuschung ist - einschließlich mir selbst - und dass eine dreihundertundachtzig Meter hohe Beule im Boden erhabener vorkommen kann als ein Glockenturm, wenn man neben der richtigen Person steht. (Finch)”


“No absolute changes in life, you just discover another aspect of you each day" ~ Fidelis O Mkparu, author of 'Love's Affliction”

“At age 13, I was violently mugged at a busy train station. There were dozens of onlookers, but none of them lent a hand ... That was a defining point in that stage of my life. After that, I could never tell myself that it was someone else's problem, or let a situation pass me by if I felt something had to be done. I knew from experience that all too often, no one else would act.”

“Purify, Purify. Purify thy sacred soul.”


“Good things come to those who love; better things come to those who act with love.”

“Your treasure chest is your mind; not your gold mine.”

“Be attentive.
Be adaptive.
Be accommodative.
Be assertive.”

“Find what you're good at. whatever it is, and become excellent at it. Excellence isn't magic - it's habit, the by product of doing something over and over and striving to be the best at it. Simply figure out what your passion is, and resolve to make excellence your habit.”


“The more you learn, the more you know, you don’t know enough.”


“Don't ever blame any woman for any wrong attitude or action, they started it right from the garden of Eden.”

“Begin to write, your heart flow with sacred words.”


“One of the most powerful lessons silence teach us is to ponder”

“Thought, if I may put it, is the man behind the pursuits, appearance, things we like, things we hate and the very epitome of our living. When you cripple the mind, you cripple the body, you cripple purpose and you cripple life”

“Every morning, look in the mirror and affirm positive words into your life.”



“It took losing all that I held dear for me to learn a valuable lesson: only when everything is gone are you truly free.”


“Never fear to make mistakes; be courageous enough not to repeat it.”

“The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.” -”

“People of great faith are almost always lacking in reason, while people possessed of great reason often suffer from a pitiful lack of faith. So it always happens that people of great faith can move the world but cannot steer it, while people possessed of great reason excel at steering the world but are hopeless at moving it”


“Your words may be heard but your attitude will be felt. Your attitude reveals your character so never try to deceive anyone with mere words. Word/Talk is cheap but character is key. It costs nothing to be authentic. Learn to be a man or woman of substance!”

“Patience is the blue vitriol to control the fungal emotions of life”

“You play the hand you’re dealt. You play it without false hope or despair, without comparing other people’s hand, or questioning why you’ve got this hand, you just play it, as best you can, today, and the next day, and the day after that.”


“Hitting rock bottom is the most precious level of our lives: because then we can choose which foundation to build, direction to take, and mental programs to embrace.”

“Any soul who has survived to the age of eighty - two with nary a secret would be extremely dull. I, for one, would have very little interest in making their acquaintance.”


“At some stage of development an officer had to stop following orders and start generating them.”


“There is no any substitute word of the Maa”

“A lie is still a lie
even if it’s disguised
as the truth.”


“All DAYS are not same. All HUMAN-BEINGS are not same. All RELATIONSHIPS are not same. Let’s not find SIMILARITIES. Let’s not copy one another. Accept our UNIQUENESS. Celebrate our differences.”

“That day, they learned that when there are two people, half the times they agreed and half the times they disagreed on every issue. What they were unwilling to accept is that they could get along very well together even if they disagreed half of the times.”


“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical, mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“Explore the endless possibilities in life.”


“Without climbing the mountain of hardship, one may not know the joy of hope.”


“We must remember each day we wake up that, there is something best to think about always than the better things we think about always”

“a major reason why we wake up each day is to know the real reasons why we wake up each day”

“People who follow you want to know in their hearts what you are willing to sacrifice for them. Your followers don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care for their welfare. Leading to succeed begins with servant leadership.”

“The enthusiasm to work hard and endless determination are the two great skills for success.”


“Where there is darkness, let me be the light. Where there is suffering, let me be kind and compassionate.”

“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“The first principle of life is love. The second principle is kindness. The third principle is compassion. The fourth principle is trust. The firth principle is integrity.”

“Money doesn't make a bad life good, it makes a good life great.”

“Las plantas y las Flores murmuraban frente a él como si el ritmo al que bailaban tuviese la meca de la eternidad, cuando al fin y al cabo eran tan efímeras como la brisa que las agitaba.”

“What a wonderful life; to be blessed with many sacred brothers and sisters?”


“We are inspiration to one another”


“There is a price to be paid for any accomplishment.”


“Let's rainbow this moment; it's not like we have forever.”

“When too many people, either ignorantly or intentionally, but happily going in the wrong direction; anyone with a positive reflection & good intention goading them to do introspection for the course correction or the right selection of the partner, is most likely to be branded by a few or most of them to be a NEGATIVE person.”

“There are two ways to learn life's lessons, the easy way and the hard way. I seem to prefer the hard way.”

“All the beauty of wisdom and knowledge resides in kindness.”

“Life is the greatest opportunity you have been blessed with, be the greatest you can be.”

“Soon I'll find the right words, they'll be very simple.”

“Jeder Tag bedeutet vierundzwanzig neue Stunden. Jeder Tag bedeutet, dass alles möglich ist. Man lebt den Moment oder man stirbt darin, aber man lebt sein Leben einen Tag nach dem anderen. [...] Und man versucht immer, auf die Sonnenseite zu gelangen. Ins Licht. (Day)”



“Peace natures wisdom, wisdom natures vision, vision natures destiny and destiny reflects life's purpose.”

“That’s the trouble with you young people.”
Saying young as though it was a bad thing.
“You’re in too darn much of a hurry to notice.”
“Notice what, exactly?”
“The difference,” she’d replied slowly, as if I were particularly stupid, “between what people want you to see, and what’s real.”


“Ask questions. Seek answers, knowing you’ll never have all of them. And that’s okay. Sometimes curiosity is its own reward.”

“Watch your thoughts, they become your words. Watch your words they become your actions. Watch your actions, they become your character. Watch your character, it becomes your destiny.”

“Never expect too much from the life... it will only frustrate or disappoint you.”

“You only fail when you give up.”

“When one wishes to play the wit, he sometimes wanders a little from the truth.”

“Economic recession is a time that differentiates between ordinary and extraordinary firms; the former will fire while the latter will hire for it has a vision to build a sustainable business empire.”

“It was one of many times I tried to save her. But by the time I did, it was too late.”


“Life is wonderful if you know how to live. However, it is now how long you live in life but how impactful is your existence on earth.”

“Don't let yourself get yourself down”


“You lose nothing if by losing a friend you win countless admirers”


“Let your actions sing the best melody of life so that everyone can joyfully listen to it.”

“There is a way; you have to find it.”

“Tapi kebetulan macam itu hanya terlihat bagi orang-orang yang memang mencari makna. Mereka yang tidak mencari makna tidak akan mendapatkannya.”

“Our most important duty in life is to love. Our most important success in life is happiness.”

“Wherever I travel to, I encounter great souls.”


“There is grace for survival; I survived two years without a regular salary.”


“Americans are so tightly wound, the way they kill themselves to get ahead. It's no way to live, I tell you.”


“If I'd learned nothing else in my twenty-seven years on this planet, I'd learned that when someone gives you something totally unexpected and undeserved, you don't ask questions.”

“If I'd learned nothing else in my twenty-seven years on this planet, 'd learned that when someone gives you something totally unexpected and undeserved, you don't ask questions. (Dark City Lights)”

“This isn't where I intended to be. Killing a person has a funny way of getting your life off-track.”

“This isn't where I intended to be. Killing a person has a funny way of getting your life off-track. (Dark City Lights)”

“Sometimes,' I said, 'you have to let one story end so the next one can begin.'
'How do you know when that will happen?'
'You don't,' I said. 'Which is why you should always carry on.”

“You may encounter many disappointments. Be strong. Tell yourself, “I am good enough, I will try again.”



“That's what being free means - not the right to do whatever you want, but the right to take a stand and say what you'll die for.”


“In my experience, nothing ever turned out as planned.”


“Life was messy, filled with countless worries, questions—what ifs. The real question was not how a person conquered the what ifs, but how one learned to live in spite of them—even when faced with the reality that the answers weren’t always pretty.”


“Al final la vida nos da la oportunidad de mirarnos en el espejo y vernos de verdad. Sucede pocas veces. En algunos casos se trata de situaciones grandilocuentes en las que uno supera la adversidad. Otras, solamente nos vemos, como me vi yo en aquel momento. Era una persona fuerte; mis padres me habían educado para serlo. «Sé independiente», «sé tú misma». Y lo era, con las cosas buenas y las cosas malas, pero incluso en las malas había aprendido. El último año me había servido para quitarme del todo ese cascarón que me impedía llegar a ser quien realmente soy. Ni mejor ni peor. Menos autoexigente porque, ¿qué problema había en no ser perfecta? Nadie puede serlo y correr detrás de ese objetivo la hace a una sumamente infeliz. A pesar de ello, me empeñaba en verme a mí misma a través de un cristal distorsionado, porque creo que era mucho más fácil creerme a pies juntillas que necesitaba desesperadamente ciertas cosas para regir mi vida que ver que a nuestro alrededor (por norma general) solo tenemos lo que elegimos. Y hay que elegir siempre por uno mismo.”


“Run your own race of life, with a single minded vision of purpose.”


“We spend so much time trying to change others – in part – because we do not deeply believe in and embrace ourselves as we already are. And so more often than not we do not learn to trust and utilize our gifts and power whole-heartedly enough to pursue and fulfill our own passions, purpose and possibilities.”

“Having hope gives you the courage to survive any hardship.”


“The right time is now, pursue you dreams!”


“Why is it so hard? It's hard because it matters, I think.”

“Forgiving someone doesn’t mean pretending nothing happened. Rather, it means releasing the burden of anger and obsession so you can move on with your life.”


“A person who can think differently and truly on his feet will always find it difficult to sit and fit as an employee in a workplace, for his attitude & approach towards the work will often hit the ego of most co-workers who can’t compete with him on his level of wisdom and wit.”

“... I used to have a big dog, a rottweiler, to guard the place. One night I was working late, and he was outside barking in the snow. He wouldn't stop. Then he stopped. I went out ten minutes later with a lamp, and there was a ring of wolves eating my dog.”


“You don’t need to go over every detail of your past, but if something comes up, face it and process those feelings, get to the core belief, so you can shift it.”


“Certain aspects of dying are still a mystery to me now, but as I grow and study life more, the end of my life becomes more of a certain truth.”


“Of course, competition against others is there, but it should serve to challenge you. To show you how well other people are competing against themselves.”


“Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!”

“Life is What You Make it, The Choice is all Yours”

“A life without a vision is like a kite let loose; it is directed by the forces that be, never giving even the slightest of resistance to life's pressures, eventually ending up far away from home (that comfortable place).”


“If you can't suck a carrot, go suck a potato!”

“One of the fascinating things about our lives - and minds - is that tend to spend years wishing and wanting others and the world around to see in us that which we ourselves do not appreciate fully.”

“Giving someone gifts cannot equate to spending quality time with them. Never replace time with things. Time is precious and once lost cannot be regained. Make every moment count...you never know when your time will be up.”

“To make mistakes is to live, because no one is born knowing everything.”


“I believe that you get to write part of the script of your life, and some of it is written by forces beyond your control.”


“For every God-given goal, He gives grace to accomplish it.”


“life is series of small happy moments”

“Run your own race of life, with a single minded vision of purpos”


“Letting someone control your life for you and decide what you will be is a sure way of creating things to regret on the day of reckoning.”


“The treasures of life is hidden in a book.”


“I learned something important that night. You shouldn’t try to stop everything from happening. Sometimes you’re supposed to feel awkward. Sometimes you’re supposed to be vulnerable in front of people. Sometimes it’s necessary because it’s all part of you getting to the next part of yourself, the next day.”



“When someone refuses listening to reason disaster will surely follow.”

“People who are afraid of the truth never find it.”


“You were meant to be right here right now...so make the most of it!”

“Wise people understand the need to consult experts; only fools are confident they know everything.”

“Our perception could either be our path to nirvana or an invisible cage that bottles us up.”

“This is the responsibility we all owe to ourselves– that the purpose of our existence be to positively affect others with our gift and this does not begin when we feel we have become “something”. It begins when we decide to pick our gift and align it with it’s purpose.”

“Sometimes we all get dusty by a few mundane and tiring affairs—and merely need a gentle soul wash to see, and get deeply entangled with, the fervors of life again.”

“Perception is to be blamed. It, if given due attention, keeps changing.”

“Relationships are the flavors of life.”

“Hope is a cancer. One of two things happens. Either you never learn the truth, in which case it gnaws down to the bone until there's nothing left, or worse, you do, and you go through that windshield at ninety because hope told you it was okay to make the drive without a seat belt.”


“If I'll be funnier than this, I'll become a joke.”

“Life has a plan for each of us; we may not understand the whys on our journey but every event is meaningful nonetheless.”

“Once you start impressing yourself you will impress the world.”

“No matter how rough someone’s life is, it is never an excuse to be mean.”


“One is often unconsciously surrounded by one’s own personal reality”

“By the time most people say 'I'm sorry' it is already too late.”

“The greatest thinker we can ever think of is Jesus Christ. He knew how to make His contenders ponder in awe”

“Sometimes kindness doesn’t beget anything but misery. My mother didn’t have to learn that until she was in her thirties; I’ve known it nearly all my life. I’m not sure which of us is better off.”


“Seek the miracles in a sacred moment.”


“And there was always the bend in the road!”


“Whatever you do for the purpose of impacting on others, no matter how little you think it to be or how little your audience may seem, it not only grows but it leaves a lifetime effect which sets you up on greater grounds of success more than you ever anticipated.”

“Some memories just stay. They just refuse to give up on staying. Maybe it is good that they stay. It helps us stay rooted. It helps us to know who we really are.”


“No matter how bad you think this day is going, affirm: "I'm alive, I'm growing, I'm learning, and it is only temporary.”

“Regret is the longing for life's squandered opportunities; take action each day and strive to live without regret.”

“Winning is a matter of endurance. As long as you don't quit, you will win!”


“Life is persisting thing which will never stop, we have to maintain us in all situations.”

“FYI, it isn’t how I suspected. If you eat enough Cheetos you will NOT actually poop an extra-large Cheeto.”


“Life is always a competition.”


“Find the good in your life and fight for it”

“We must never forget our teachers, our lecturers and our mentors. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.”



“Reaffirm your love for one another and let grow.”


“Don’t be ruled by your past. Don’t be crippled by the past. Let the past be the past and focus on what is ahead. Remember however that if you neglect the most essential lessons of the past, you shall walk into the future with one leg.”

“There's only one lesson to be learned from life anyway.... That there's no lesson to be learned from life.”


“Life can never be perfect. Don’t let anyone fool you into believing that it will be.”

“If you have never known happiness and sorrow, then you have not fully experience life.”


“God is the source of all knowledge.”


“We ought to know the history of our ancient ancestors.”


“Every sacred soul has a sacred body.”


“Start reading a book today, and you'll end up writing one tomorrow.”

“Sufferings test strength of endurance.”


“Awaken the divinity of a sacred self.”


“Life is a rich literature.”


“Life is story, until I realized life as sacred.”


“Spend the day appreciating every little thing that comes your way, and you’ll end the day feeling deeply grateful for your life.”

“The man who has never been disappointed has never understood happiness, the man who has never been anxious has never learned patience, the man who has never been depressed will never know ecstasy.”

“Divinity exists in all creations.”


“Every flower blossoms in its sacred time.”


“Once you have endured sufferings, you can give someone strength.”


“Life is enduring endeavour”


“Let the dawn of the New Year’s first day be the beginning of a new era with an invisible Almighty’s blessings showered on everyone to be always true to their own first version.”

“Gauzy apparitions might prank your psyche or agitate your nightmares, but lacking flesh and blood they are powerless to hurt you - cannot hope to inflict the kind of damage that real, live people do.”


“The road snakes south, then north, ultimately taking us east, and I wonder if life is like that. Go one way, then another, to end up someplace else.”


“Wishful thinking pretty much always comes back to slap you in the face.”


“What good can come from one-sidedness? A house with a single side is nothing more than a wall. Not much in the way of shelter. What good is there in chasing rainbows? Even if you found yourself haloed with prismatic light, would it promise a happy ending? Could an ending do anything but break your heart? And yet, what good would it do to shutter your windows, never dream of rainbows or find hope in promises? Why choose to walk away rather than hold your ground and fight for love?”


“I think it's better to be obsessed than to be depressed.... I think pushing to get what you want can't be so awful. I think it's key to success.”


“After all, life is really simple; we ourselves create the circumstances that complicate it.”

“I just know Maycomb. I'm not in the least sensitive about it, but good Lord, I'm certainly aware of it.”

“Clear visions and positive goals, leads to positive actions and purposeful life.”


“The break of a family is the break of society.”


“Control and manipulation are not love; the outcome is a life of imprisonment ultimately leading to deep-rooted feelings of resentment.”

“Honestly, I never really understood the glorification of Fridays & weekends.
I don't want to build a life and career, where I spent five days a week waiting for the weekend. No!
I want to enjoy my life, and don't wish any weekday away. I want each day to matter to me, in some way, even if it's a small tiny way.
I love my life. Everyday. That's the spirit we should convey all around us.”

“They don't want you to win.”

“It is not the rough times endured that define your relationship, it's how you deal with them and bounce back.”

“Let love make your spirit grow.”



“Life is a gracious gift.”


“I will not hate you, of course i will not say : goodbye.
But I will not forgive you, so i forget better.”

“People in your life leave you a rhyme,
On leaving they leave a new footprint in the Sands of Time.”

“I think having the knowledge, plus the experiences you've lived through, make you definitely not fragile. They make you brave.”

“When I asked him the meaning of life, Dr. Webb got very quit and then told me that life has no one meaning, it only has whatever meaning each of us puts on our own life.”

“It is better for you to love than hate.”


“If you did not live to love, what have you live for?”


“Love is the heartbeat of life.”


“We don’t exist to survive. We live to strive.”


“...and frankly speaking, I don't give a damn.”

“I guess it's like friendship. Some people come and go from your life like ships passing in the night, some people stay forever. It's funny though, when you meet forever friends, you just know that they are going to be your friend for the rest of your life - there's that connection there that you don't get from those fleeting friendships.”


“this was what the game was really about. This was what true fear was—that you could never know other people, not completely. That you were always just guessing blind.”


“There is enough work for everyone. May you find your purpose and passionately live it.”


“The thoughtfulness and goodwill messages from loved ones brighten my Christmas day.”


“EVERYONE’S LIFE IS A STORY TO TELL HOW GOOD YOU MAKE IT MAKES THE DIFFERENCE TO MANY IN THE WORLD
IT IS SIMPLE TRY TO WRITE A BETTER STORY OF YOUR SELF
STORY OF LIFE IS FULL OF BLANK PAGES HOW YOU FILL IT MAKES WHAT WE ARE ?
Dr T.V.Rao MD”

“You can be on treadmill for so long and run alot, get fit but you can't reach anywhere.”

“who accompany ignorants, lives in misery.”

“Everything is progress...”


“Keep yourself in the moment”


“Joy is my guidance system”


“I live simply so others can simply live”


“start "there" rather than trying to get "there”


“There is enough sun to shine on everyone”


“I love life with its twists and turns.”


“You can only project from what you know to another dimension And you can never project into an unknown dimension through what you know.”

“Everything is true at once. Life is a contradiction. We take in every lesson. We find what works.”



“Nonviolence is a way of life, where the task is to awaken the underlying goodness of every human being.”


“كثيراً ما أجد أرباب التنمية البشرية ينصحون وبحماس "ابحث عن نفسك".. أما نصيحتي: "اصنع نفسك"..”

“Little things done with love are better than big things without love.”


“Little things done with love are much better than big things without love.”


“As I walk I mediate on the word of God. It comforts me.”


“I don’t like the situation but I must endure.”


“Everything That Has A Beginning Has An End.”

“Whatever God permits to happen in your life is a gift to you. God has two goals...His Glory and Your Good!”

“If your students aren't learning, then maybe you're not teaching.”

“Let go of the attachment, keep the lesson.”


“Choose the body to live in.”


“Problems and mistakes are a gift inside our life as a given lesson to make us stronger for a better future.”

“Though it is not the most enjoyable experience in the world, hardship is a very good teacher. When you encounter it, you cannot help but to listen to it. It speaks with power.”


“How beautiful to be fully alive in the moment?”


“You can overcome every hurdle with positive attitude.”


“Success dwells in a neighbourhood that can only be explored through failure, and it is through perfect knowledge of that neighbourhood that we gain perfect knowledge of her address”


“Youthful exuberance is splendid.”


“Nobody can help you as much as you can help yourself.”


“We ought to celebrate the sacredness of life.”


“We have to motivate people to be what they can be.”


“Be the Person that You want to see in Others.
Jan Jansen”

“When we rest, our energy is restored.”


“Don’t wait for the last hour of life; to do the things you wish to do.”


“And maybe the only reason we have to fall back down to grow again is the same cause for the sun to rise and sink: our stars need time to shine at night to heal, to heal.”

“If you can't forgive, forget better.”

“Everlasting change comes from within, often in the wake of great adverse changes in life.”

“With positive mindset you can graciously overcome any circumstance.”


“May you find strength to survive life.”


“Heaven and Hell is what You make out of yourself. Not anyplace else.”

“You’ve got to reach bedrock to become depressed enough before you are forced to accept the reality and enormity of the problem.”



“I am living in world full of lost hope and discrimination. I am living a life in which social equality does not exist and I am not sure that it ever can, or if once upon a time it ever did.”


“قطار الفرص يمر بجميع المحطات، لكنه لا يجبر أحداً على ركوبه..”

“My skin is beautiful but it also serves as a huge barrier for so many opportunities that I want to pursue in life.”


“الفرص كطائر النورس، ما أن تحط حتى ترحل.. فمن أراد أن يصطادها لابد أن يستعد لها قبل أن تحط لا بعد أن ترحل”

“We think consciously yet live life unconsciously!”

“It’s unfortunate really—how everyone can live on the same soil yet not even know the first thing about their neighbors.”


“American can mean anything you want it to mean. It can mean that you live in America. It can mean that you are privileged. Being American can also mean that you are diverse. In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.”


“الإنسان الناجح يرى أن حظه بسبب نجاحه.. أما الفاشل فيرى أن فشله بسبب حظه..”

“Help the Unfortunate Today. They may become your Mentors Tomorrow.”

“يخطئ من يعتقد أن النجاح هبة أو موهبة.. فالنجاح ليس سوى مهارة كغيرها من المهارات يمكن لكل من يرغب أن يتعلمها ويتقنها”

“Busy mouths grow on idle heads”


“It is an amazing feeling when you can proudly stand seeing your greatest dreams coming true”

“Dancing daily is a good physical activity.”


“Be compassionate with all people. Give them the chance to change.”


“Life is so complicated that sometimes it is better to pass up.”

“A positive mindset is the key to positive lifestyle.”


“In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.”

“Always say yes.”

“Life Sucks.”

“Differences simply act as a yarn of curiosity unraveling until we get to the other side.”


“Sometimes, the reason that people don’t get along is because they feel that their role is to be selfish or submissive—not understanding that American simply means understanding who we are so that we can help others do the same.”


“The worst decisions in life we make are always the one we make out of fear.”


“من النادر أن ترى نجاحاً بدون اجتهاد.. ومن الأكثر ندرة أن ترى اجتهاداً لا ينتهي بالنجاح..”

“Reality tries to disguise the fact that this society neglects to provide equal opportunity established by God and clarified in the Constitution. Whether equal opportunity is given to an individual or not, he/she still has the equal potential within him/herself to advance and obtain a greater level of success.”


“Increased physical activity enhances positive energy”


“Life is sacred breath.”


“Life is a sacred breath.”


“Blessed be the grateful soul!”


“A relax soul is a sacred-being.”


“The identity you're craving for is an illusion; your true nature has no identity, you're the universe -you contain all things!”

“Somewhere, somebody is looking for someone exactly like you.”

“The nicest people I meet in life are those who work hard for everything they have; the meanest people I meet in life are those who have everything handed to them.”

“the day you will loose your tongue;the day you will value the essence of words. The day you will loose your sight; the day you shall value the things we all overlook and appreciate the power of looking. The day you shall loose your ears;the day you shall cherish the power of hearing. The day your mind will be at sixes and sevens;the day you shall yearn for a sound mind. The day you shall have an amputated body part; the day you shall understand the pity of staying idle with an able body. The day you shall loose your good shelter; the day you shall value the power of good sleep. The day you shall go to bed without food; the day you shall learn the great lessons of hunger well. The day accident shall befall you; the day you shall cherish the value of peace and understand 'had I know' well. The day you shall look back in regret of your choices; the day you shall realize how you have wasted your time and realize the best choices in life. The day you shall get a better understanding of things; the day you shall know what ignorance did and could have done to you. No one can know it all in life unless the day we shall get to know it all in life”

“Every little trifle, for some reason, does seem incalculably important today, and when you say of a thing that 'nothing hangs on it,' it sounds like blasphemy. There's never any knowing - (how am I to put it?) - which of our actions, which of our idlenesses won't have things hanging on it for ever.”



“She was determined to keep her promise of 'no fandom' to her mother. Trouble was, fandom was more than a hobby, it was a support system. Without it, Liv had no one to talk to when she was lonely. She had nothing to look forward to after school, and no outlet for creativity. Liv found herself spiraling back into melancholy.
She got up.
She went to classes.
She came home... And then did it all over again. Sleep became the escape that fandom had once been.”


“It’s easy to put the links between the increases in mental illness, depression, ADHD, and the like, with the speed of the modern world. People never get the chance to do nothing, or when they do, they lack the control to prevent their mind from racing off in a thousand different directions. So much so that their doing nothing becomes a thousand different things and the thousand different things becomes stress, anxiety, worry and fear. Left untreated these simple everyday things become well entrenched in our psyches and start to dominate our lives. We have a chronic addiction with doing and we love to use our busyness as a stamp of our hard work and hectic lives and we get stuck in this busy trap of always doing.”


“حين ينهار عليك عالم من الخيبات والإزعاجات، إذا أنت لم تستسلم لليأس، تتحول إلى الفلسفة أو إلى الدعابة.”


“What's the point?” her father muttered brokenly the day of the funeral. In the last months his shoulders had curled like an autumn leaf.
“The point is that we're not alive unless we also die,” Louise said.”


“...life is beautiful like a song. I’m not a flower that bloomed in the mud. Just a girl who stayed steady on the path of determination.”

“As a teen I was totally that dumpy overweight nerdy girl that nobody wants to be in the stories you’re told. And now I am a dumpy overweight nerdy adult and life is beautiful like a song. I’m not a flower that bloomed in the mud. Just a girl who stayed steady on the path of determination.”

“تستطيع العاصفة أن تدمر مدينة أو بلدة بأكملها، لكنها لا تستطيع أن تحل عقدة خيط ضعيف.. كذلك هو الغضب، يُدمر ولا يُنتج حلولاً..”

“Liv grabbed the cookie nearest her and broke it open.
“It's up to you to make your happy ending.”
Liv stared at it a moment, rereading the words. Did it mean life? Because if it did, then Liv disagreed. Sometimes life was downright unfair. Bad things happened to good people.”


“لأن تقلبات الحياة تكون أقسى منك أحياناً
كن كالماء، يتشكل بحسب الإناء الذي يُسكب فيه دون أن تتغير تركيبته أو تتبدل خواصه أو يتعكر صفاؤه”

“Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.”

“Don't judge, try to understand instead.”

“If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though shall know your had I know in the end.”

“To find the right person, you must first BE the right person.”


“Your greatest gift is your life.”


“One of the major obstacles impeding any positive future change in our lives is that we are too busy with our current work or activity. Levi quit his tax-work, Peter stopped fishing at lake, Paul ceased being a priest. They all left their jobs because they thought it was necessary.”

“If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though you shall know your ‘had I know’ in the end.”

“Be Mindful of your thoughts. Your thoughts become your words. Your words become your actions. Your actions become your reality.”

“Every action you take, leads to a consequence you face. Choose wisely!”

“Global warming will not end by Earth finding a shade under the trees but under our hands joined together”


“Beside her, Rich had gone very still. It was like he'd fallen into himself and was poised under the surface, waiting to come back. The part of Lou that read interactions like this — knew these things the way she knew how an engine worked — felt the urge to push, but this time she held back. She wanted to hear his untainted answer.”


“Everyone has their own life, their own experiences. And sometimes we get pulled into the experiences of others.” She glanced to the kitchen window and the faintly visible mountains beyond. She didn't want to think about Hunter's brusque phone call. “Their karma, so to speak, bumping into us... jostling us along the way. The lesson has nothing to do with us. It's their karma, not ours.”


“Every little trifle, for some reason, does seem incalculably important today, and when you say of a thing that 'nothing hangs on it,' it sounds like blasphemy. There's never any knowing - (how am I to put it?) - which of our actions, which of our idlenesses won't have things hanging on it for ever.”

“A successful person is often one who has failed more than most.”

“Everyone wants the sun let shine, and the neighbor's grass is always greener, so it is better to mow it ourselves.”

“I would have drowned without you to watch over me...I now understand there are a thousand ways to drown, and a thousand ways to rescue someone.”


“Part of the journey in life is slipping and falling along the way; in these times true friends are the ones who pick you up and dust you off.”

“You're the most terrible snob, Clark."
"What? Me?"
"You cut yourself off from all sorts of experiences because you tell yourself you are "not that sort of person"."
"But, I'm not."
"How do you know? You've done nothing, been nowhere. How do you have the faintest idea what kind of person you are?”



“Better than money and fame, teaching martial arts to your children; giving them your time and confidence, is the best inheritance”

“Mistakes are experiences. Without these experiences, there is no learning.”


“life will come to an end one moment in time.”


“The choice is ours to make whether the stars in the night sky shine upon us as headlights of an approaching paradise or as tail-lights of receding fortunes”


“Don't force it, if there isn't flow let it go.”

“Give your all to every experience, feel it breathe it appreciate it, nothing lasts forever, when it's gone you'll remember the feeling it once gave you and sometimes that's enough.”

“It's something you don't see until it's gone-the shapes and things have and the ways in which the people around you mould the shapes.”


“Humor is a tool to ease the harsh realities of life.”

“Educate your consciounse not be ignorant, for out of ignorance comes misery in it's greatest form.”

“Do what ever you want to do in your life”

“the only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.. live wild dont be a normal person.. to become presence, means accepting the risk.. and be sure if u don't take risks u'll have a wasted soul..”

“I think I am at that stage of Life now where Success or Failure, nothing Bothers me. If I get little success then I get lots of rejections and failures on a regular basis too. But none of that bothers me at all. I can take failure as sportingly without getting bothered as I take success. And this is how my life has drastically changed in last one year or something. I don't do things anymore to please people around me and all I care about is If I am happy being where I am and I am enjoying doing what I am doing or not. I may not be where I want to be yet but I am Happy.This is what matters in Life. Isn't it? Find what you love. Sooner or Later but you need to find one day, and once you find, give your everything to it. There may be many failures and rejections on the way but you will reach where you want to be some day and most importantly, you will be happy and in Peace with where you are.”

“Normality does not exist. There is no such a thing as normal.
The social norms that guide most people are not always normal for everyone. Behaviours and actions that are abnormal for most people may be considered normal for others, so therefore normality does not exist. Stay true to yourself; never be ashamed of doing what feels right to you at any giving moment, decide what feels right to you and do it. Don’t be normal, be yourself.”


“In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!”

“Life is like a magnet: success attracts and failure repels.”

“If a person starts somewhere understanding God's plan, then HE will either immediately change it or instantly challenge him/her.”

“You can't always control what happens to you but you can master how you react to it.”

“Love is the addiction of the insane.”

“Looks like I'm going to have to kill him with kindness. That's the way Gran always taught me to treat people who were mean to me.”

“Love is the strength of life.”


“If we find ourselves in unfamiliar circumstance, what do we do? We ought to keep calm and pray.”


“You don't have to be in hurry in life.
Everything happens in sacred-time.”


“If we were all perfect in our pasts, then we'd have nothing to hope for in our futures”


“Music give infinite strength.”


“In the midst of the adversity, we can still strive by the grace of God”


“If you have allowed a laborious lifestyle to suppress your dreams, then NOW is the time to take a STAND and give yourself PERMISSION to DREAM again! Now remove the clutter in your life and make PLANS to make your dreams a reality.”

“To a common man, the opulence of the day makes no sense but to a philosopher, it is as clear as a night in the southern France.”

“You must always conduct your business with a clear mind, free of personal issues. Until you learn this simple fact, you'll never get anything out of life. -Moses Luzzatto”


“Mind is like a net, drawn by the needles of past and future. Mindfulness is the way for not getting stuck into that net.”



“Be the radiator of peace. Go to the center of your inner being. Radiate peace in every direction.”


“Mindfulness is not the path of chasing. It is the path of beautification. When flowers blossom, the fragrance spreads, and the bees come.”


“Mindfulness is not a mechanical process. It is developing a very gentle, kind, and creative awareness to the present moment.”


“He was elated by his own profundity. It was as if the gods had conspired that he be full of wisdom.”


“It is destiny which takes you to people who have the answers to your questions.”


“An open mind, is the best weapon, in the fight between light and darkness”

“Positive ones go on the wall, negative on the floor over there. He points to this heap of paper. It's important to get those down but they don't need to stick around after you do”


“Defeat, if you survive it, should mean time for reflection.”

“Meditate on the things you unconsciously do, that's where the little missing puzzles of the real you can be found; everything else you did and haven't done that you planned has some form of artificial altered character of who you are.”

“Maybe God created the rain to remind us that life isn't always a sunny day.”

“A secret life taught me: it doesn't get easier, you become stronger.”

“Helping other people can be a cure not just for those who are in need, but for your soul as well.”

“Habrá... Habrá	mañanas claras y otras oscurecidas por las nubes. Habrá días de duda, días de miedo,	horas vanas y grises en salas de espera con olor de hospital. Habrá paréntesis ligeros, primaverales, adolescentes, en los que la propia enfermedad caerá en el olvido. Como si no hubiera existido nunca. Luego la vida continuará. Y tú te agarrarás a ella... Habrá paseos a orillas del mar, el olor de la	 hierba	cortada, el color del cielo después de una tormenta... Habrá... Sudor, sangre, el primer grite de un bebé. Un cruce de miradas. Un pacto por la eternidad… Y el tiempo pasará. Habrá otras temporadas en el hospital, otras pruebas, otras señales de alarma, otros tratamientos. En cada una de esas ocasiones, irás al frente con el miedo metido en el cuerpo, el corazón encogido, sin mejor arma que tus ganas de seguir viviendo. En cada una de esas ocasiones te dirás que, te pase lo que te pase ahora, todos esos momentos arrebatados la fatalidad valía la pena vivirlos. Y que jamás podrá quitártelos nadie.”


“Nothing is more honorable than a man or woman with a good reputation.”

“There is nothing to lose in this life. Naked I came from mother’s womb and naked will I go into the grave.”


“It is important to understand the objective of every race. Sometimes it is important to win. Sometimes it is more than enough if you just complete the race.”


“I have so much health problems, but I believe I could still make it through.”

“Defeat, if you survive it, should mean time for reflection.”

“The fatal flaw in every plan is the assumption that you know more than the enemy”

“We look before and after,
And pine for what is not:
Our sincerest laughter
With some pain is fraught;
Our sweetest songs are those that tell
Of saddest thought.
Yet if we could scorn
Hate, and pride, and fear;
If we were things born
Not to shed a tear,
I know not how thy joy we ever
Should come near.”


“Look at your life like a blank canvas and you're the artist, now go ahead and paint your masterpiece." Ray Mancini.”

“What a tragedy it would be if you lived your entire life without discovering who you are, without reaching your full potential.” Ray Mancini”


“Every man has two educations – that which is given to him, and the other, that which he gives to himself. Of the tow kinds, the latter is by far the most valuable. Indeed all that is most worthy in a man, he must work out and conquer for himself. It is that, that constitutes our real and best nourishment. What we are merely taught, seldom nourishes the mind like that which we teach ourselves.”

“Both tears and sweat are salty.
but none of them are faulty.
the tears can get you somewhere,
the sweat will make you only wet.”


“When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to submit to your voice”

“In conquering life’ challenges, you become courageous.”


“Todo termina y, ¿qué importa que termine un poco antes o un poco después puesto que de todos modos termina? Todo lo que termina es breve. ¿Y acaso será un mal el que la vida sea breve? No, porque la brevedad es la que la hace preciosa.”


“No importa la fe que ofrece determinado movimiento, sino la esperanza que propone”


“Look at Your Life, like a river runs by take out what you need and it will never go dry.”

“We believe and we hold our beliefs to be true and sacred until the day we discover that we were duped. The end of belief is a challenging moment. You feel lonely, unconnected, with nothing to hang on. Your life becomes empty and aimless. You curse the day doubt entered your mind but you cannot undo the damage. You need to find a new direction for your life, something new to hang your hope on to continue living. And most of the time that thing is you. At that junction in life you will need to believe in you to continue living.”



“Learn to access the cosmic trust. Life will be easy.”


“People say there are thousands of options we have in life. I say we have only two: we can either be happy or be unhappy.”


“We are all beautiful instruments of God. He created many notes in music so that we would not be stuck playing the same song. Be music always. Keep changing the keys, tones, pitch, and volume of each of the songs you create along your journey and play on. Nobody will ever reach ultimate perfection in this lifetime, but trying to achieve it is a full-time job. Start now and don't stop. Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society, tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.”


“Is this how it is with lies? The first one comes hard, the second one easier, until they slip off your tongue easier than truths - maybe because they are easier than truths.”


“when you get to the peak, remember the valley exists”

“To obtain wealth beyond measure, seek to make more friends than money.”

“anytime you speak to anybody, remember somebody”

“Look at everything as though you were seeing it either first time or last time.”


“We believe and we hold our beliefs to be true and sacred until the day we discover that we were duped. The end of belief is a challenging moment. You feel lonely, unconnected, with nothing to hang on. Your life becomes empty and aimless. You curse the day doubt entered your mind but you cannot undo the damage. You need to find a new direction for your life, something new to hang your hope on to continue living. And most of the time that thing is you. At that junction in life you will need to believe in yourself to continue living.”


“The past will only catch you, if you ran from it to begin with.”

“Life's lessons aren't always new. Often they're the same old worn-out truths offering us greater depths of wisdom and understanding.”

“These and other inanimate things she saw and experienced. They were real to her. She knew them. They were the codes and touchstones of the world, capable of translation and possession. She owned the crack that made her stumble; she owned the clumps of dandelions whose white heads, last fall, she had blown away; whose yellow heads, this fall, she peered into. And owning them made her part of the world, and the world a part of her.”


“Life was groovy, it was fun; it couldn’t change in a jiffy.
It dawned upon me that Life is a Sine Curve, and it is nothing but iffy.”


“I've learned that life isn't black and white. Choose to live in the gray.”

“The success in the information age depends upon an important strategies and tactics...”

“Love; a beautiful feeling that makes us alive, truly alive, is worth living for.”

“The best thing I’ve learned, and still believe, is that I don’t have to be perfect to start, I have to start... so I can begin learning and growing.”

“In everyday life, a blessed act of saying ‘hello, a smile, word of encouragement…’ can uplift someone spirit.”


“The greatest ideas are best conceive when we take time to relax.”


“Thy word O God is light that brightens my path.”


“To carry each other’s burdens, we must care for one another.”


“We live and learn, and in between
we do the best we can.”


“Being passionate and doing good things for the community is always a good choice.”

“A vida é um sopro.”

“The leaves will fall and grow again a new season”

“But here's the thing: once you become a parent . . . once you start feeling a little funny and you buy a pregnancy test . . . once you see a pink plus sign . . . once you know it's not just you anymore . . . well, you automatically carry around, for the rest of your life, an increased likelihood of having your heart broken. And it's a constant fear that we struggle to put to rest. We can choose to be afraid or we can choose to live. And I choose to live. Because an increased likelihood of having your heart broken also carries with it an increased likelihood of finding yourself the happiest you've ever been in life.”

“Life is a book.”


“Life is short, enjoy it while you may.”


“Don't let one shade tears for u, wen they go from your life,u will be left with those tears in your eyes.”

“If a person is not inspiring you positively. There is no reason for you to be around them. You don't need their negativity in your life. There's already too much in the world. Surround yourself with people who are going to uplift you and encourage you to move forward with your dreams and goals.”



“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”

“Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.”


“Avoid and ignore the idiots who try to bring you down in life; they are not worth your time.”

“When one dream dies we replace it with another.”


“People realize that a life that had seemed enjoyable (travel, social life, romance) and fulfilling (work) was actually empty and meaningless. So they urge you to join the child-rearing party: they want you to share the riches, the pleasures, the joys. Or so they claim. I suspect that hey just want to share and spread the misery. (The knowledge that someone is at liberty or has escaped makes the pain of incarceration doubly hard to bear). Of all the arguments for having children, the suggestion that it gives life 'meaning' is the one to which I am most hostile--apart from all the others" (201).”


“Your past is your story. Your story is your most powerful asset. Embrace it.”


“I guess I don't believe you can have it all. I don't believe any of us can. In fact, I believe the very expression having it all is not only a myth but also a symptom of how sick we are in our contemporary culture. Nobody gets to have it all...You will have one thing or another depending on what choice you make. Or you will have both things in limited amounts, and that might turn out to be perfect, just exactly the life you want'" (175).”


“If you think you'll never achieve your goals, you never will. If you say there's no way you can make it, then there will never be a way. It's your choice, what's it gonna be?”


“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”

“Life is an inside job and it is much easier if we let it go and get out of our own way!”


“Happiness is surrounding yourself only with those who bestow their unconditional love and support.”

“In the greatest trial, we behold the greatness of our great God.”


“Permanecer indiferente ante los desafíos que enfrentamos es indefendible.
Si el objetivo es noble, si se realiza o no en nuestra vida es en gran medida irrelevante.
Por lo tanto, lo que debemos hacer es luchar y perseverar y nunca rendirnos.”

“We Can Is Always Better Than I Can...!!!”

“You must make time daily to care for your mental, physical, spiritual and emotional health.”


“Your reality is your own making.”

“A life of faith is an enduring sacred-existence.”


“It is better to be positive than negative.”


“البدايات متداخلة و محتشدة برأسي. و لعل البدايات كما كان أستاي القديم سوريانوس يقول، ما هي إلا محض أوهام نعتقدها. فالبداية و النهاية، إنما تكونان فقط في الخط المستقيم. و لا خطوط مستقيمة إلا في أوهامنا، أو في الوريقات التي نسطر فيها ما نتوهمه. أما في الحياة و في الكون كله، فكل شيء دائري يعود إلى ما منه بدأ، و يتداخل مع ما به اتصل. فليس ثمة بداية و لا نهاية على الحقيقة، و ما ثم إلا التوالي الذي لا ينقطع، فلا ينقطع في الكون الاتصال، و لا ينفصم التداخل، و لا يكف التفريع، و لا الملء و لا التفريغ.. الأمر الواحد يتوالى اتصاله، فتتسع دائرته لتتداخل مع الأمر الآخر، و تتفرع عنها دائرة جديدة تتداخل بدورها مع بقية الدوائر. فتمتلئ الحياة بأن تكتمل دائرتها، فتفرغ عند انتهائها بالموت، لنعود إلى ما منه ابتدأنا.”


“Fury reigns down on those who ignore in the wisdom of fear itself.”

“In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.”


“Good well-being leads to good working performance.”


“What you think of is what you will attract to your life.”


“There is always exception to every rule.”


“The effects of overworking; you forget which day it is and unable to think straight.”


“The effects of overworking;
You forget which day it is.
You think fast than what you write.”


“If you don’t make your choices, others will give you’re their choice.”


“You have to make your own choices in life.”


“One of the greatest lessons I have learned is to be good to myself.”

“False has many wings. Do not judge anything by its popularity.”



“Flowers that are offered for the dead, do not know the difference of where their beauty will be placed, they do not say, "This is not a palace" or "This is not a garden"; they just are. They are just beautiful, without giving regards to whether they are placed on a grave or in a castle. Flowers are just beautiful, whether they grow by the wayside or in a manicured garden. If we were all like flowers, then we would all be beautiful, with no regards to why or how. We just are. We are just beautiful.”

“Live in such a way that when you die you leave God in your will for your children.”

“Whenever you hold a grudge towards someone, you're only hurting you. Because the other person could care less about the emotions you're going through. Their main objective was to hurt you. Now you must let go, move on, and focus on your life. Don't continue to burden your spirit.”


“Belief and faith are great, but very few people have been led astray by thinking for themselves.”

“In life we meet people and they come and go. But, only God will remain the same. Despite what others think, God's love is eternal. No matter who abandons you, God will never leave or forsake you.”


“When we reconnect with nature, we will be restore ourselves.”


“People spend their entire lives searching the world for the pieces that will make them whole, yet those pieces are only found within them.”

“I feel the reason we are all here, our purpose of being, is to help others find their little piece of happiness and heaven right here on earth...”


“Wisdom comes from making mistakes, having the courage to face them, and make adjustments moving forward based upon the knowledge aquired through those experiences.”

“A child thinks and acts like a child. But when you are grown, you act and think like an adult. Too many people are still childish and immature and fail to realize it's a setback in their lives.”


“Sometimes those who challenge you most.. Teach you best.”

“Love your soul mate.”


“Wisdom comes from life experience; life experience is the result of repeatedly taking corrective action while courageously learning from mistakes.”

“Some things can't be taught; they can only be discovered.”

“We can't change yesterday, but we can change tomorrow...”


“When you first meet a person, sometimes they'll pretend to be all that you like. Deception is hard to predict instantly at times, but if you hang with them for a while their true colors will eventually begin to show.”


“The uncertainties in life are so uncertain for us to determine the kind of woe we shall be entangled in in the next future. When you stay dormant, your life is at risk; when you dare to take a step, you take a step to take a risk. We have a choice. Yes! a choice to choose to dare to get to our real reasons on earth or to choose to live in mediocrity and conformity, but, we ought to note that, it is riskier to risk nothing when the life we live is always at risk”

“I believe the meaning of life is the relationships we have with each other.”


“The Time (T) and Energy (E) we invest in others, people will take it and carry it with them.”


“I know you can do it—I believe in you.”


“Give others the greatest gift you can give them—your Time (T) and Energy (E)...”


“The exact moment today ends, tomorrow begins.”


“It is your life...live it!”

“Have the courage to take ownership of your life by making your own decisions.”

“The experience of the expert is an advantage to them only for as long as it enables them to learn faster than the novice”


“Tough times don't last always. Your hard times are there to shape you and develop your character. It causes you to become more aware of life and you develop an attitude of gratitude. Don't lose hope because it gets better.”


“The greatest life is to live your greatest dream.”


“Live your greatest dream.”


“Time is valuable in life. You can show someone how much you appreciate them by giving your time. A good amount of time goes by each day. Spending time with the ones you love shows them how much you care.”


“We don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body. Don't blame others for the shape of your experience.”

“Think of your life not as a disappearing horizon, but as an approaching hope”



“Your mockers will only have your attention only if you give them your attention”

“Great life, great deeds.
Great deeds, great blessings.”


“You can elevate yourself to higher self by devotion to God.”


“Good fortune often occurs when you stop expecting life to present opportunities to you and you start presenting opportunities to life.”

“Never let your fears be the boundaries of your dreams.”

“so many people who think they know only know what they don't know, as time passes by, they may get to know what they don't know and then they will know”

“Be blind to people who mock at you,
Be deaf to people who gossip behind you.”

“An eye on future doesn't let you reap repose and hence remorse.”

“Gratitude gives infinite fullness of life.”


“Despotic disposition and dictatorial demeanour make life difficult.”

“The Three Buckets in Life by Ken Poirot: One bucket contains the things we CAN control. The second bucket contains the things we MAY control, and the last bucket contains the things we CAN'T control. Focus on the bucket you CAN control!”


“They tell you the devil is in the details…what they don’t tell you is that he’s laughing maniacally.”

“The fortune that you feel you don't deserve is heaven's compensation for the misfortunes she feels you didn't deserve”


“It is necessary for us to learn from others’ mistakes.
You will not live long enough to make them all yourself.”

“Choose faith to live life rather than fear.”


“Gratitude is the spirit of graceful sacred-existence.”


“It is how we learn to forgive others for hurting us—we forgive so we can move on and create the life we want for ourselves and for those we love who surround us.”


“We can only diffuse kindness, to the souls filled with bitterness. This is the greatest deeds to awaken their good spirit.”


“Actions are most important in life: act with love, kindness, understanding, and compassion toward others that they may bear witness to your belief(s).”

“The greatest virtue is endurance.”


“Death is not good. It’s just a fact. We don't need to give it so much importance. So I don't want to read anything that talks about it.”

“I don't like laid back. I like action. This city has a constant desire to achieve. Just the way I also want to. My friends say that I have ambitions the size of the Himalayas but the desire to do so is the size of a pea. I don't believe them. Someday they will change their opinions. Today is a starting point. I can feel it.”


“The Three Keys to Success by Ken Poirot: 1) Goal Setting 2) Time Management 3) Life Skills”

“There exist bright sunny moment in any events of life.”


“The power of the mind is the strength of being.”


“It takes great faith to fight the odds in life.”


“You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the “what if’s” of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows “what if’s” will take care of themselves.”

“Surprising choice proves hardest to come by. Most choices, even the disastrous ones, are predictable.”


“Relax and Recreate yourself!”



“You cannot receive until you learn to release.”

“New adventures enrich one’s life.”


“Disentangle yourself from anything that will not promote your progress.”


“Life's greatest lessons were not shown to me, read to me, illustrated or explained to me; they happened to me.”


“The more we give of ourself, the more we find ourself.”


“Every one’s footprint is a landmark in the world history”


“You ought to live life with great passion.”


“Your love awakens my spirit.”


“Love is soul food.”


“Relax and be Revitalize!”


“The choices we make in life are equally important to us, as those of others are to them. It is an arrogant attitude in the mind of those who feel superior to believe their choices are better than others. Having respect for others regardless of who they are is the greatest choice anyone can make.”


“By the power of God, everything came into existence.”


“By reading great stories, you will renew your mind.”


“It's not always true that a person who speaks good words are good at their heart.”

“To failure at something is an attempt to succeed. Be strong and try again.”


“Life is unexchangeable grace.”


“The courage to ask question is a daring act.”


“The people say I am too quiet. It is not true. I talk a lot with myself.”

“Fail once win forever !!”

“No one can understand your pain until they experience it. Stop trying to explain.”

“Struggling isn't a sign of failure but of strength. Keep pushing, keep striving...your best is yet to come!”

“Life is a rehearsal. Get dressed and be ready to face it daily.”

“Even a happiest person have a past they need to hide”

“You can't believe everything you read—or hear. Accepting things at face value without the need to question and dig deeper is ignorance at best, stupidity at worst.”


“Never modify your goals, amplify your might.”


“You don't have to be good all the times. It's okay to be hurt sometimes. It's okay to feel lost like you're wandering around the dark. It's the bad days that make the good ones so much better.”


“In the midst of the disappointment, we find faith as an anchor!”

“You never know how strong you are until you've been tested. People will try you on every level. They may think because you're not loud or rude like them that you won't put them in their place. But, push the wrong buttons and you'll soon find out.”


“You were not born to make only a living but to live life.”


“The good thing about death is it kills you once while life kills you for a lifetime. In fact death rescues you from life.”



“Love is an only way of happily Living”

“The Lord is my ‘Strong Fortress’.
The Lord is my ‘Solid Rock’.”


“Life is a dream. We wake up when we die”


“Life becomes unbearable when, instead of living it, you stop to think about it.”


“The hardest thing in life is a man to be honest with himself”


“Life is a war. Guerrilla warfare, the strategy”


“Nature has endowed us with some measure of insanity to cope with the realities of daily life”


“Life is so sweet. A man will even kiss the a** of his enemy to have his head spared”


“The only person who can hurt you is Yourself.”

“Life is existence with meaning”


“There are two important days in your life. The day you discovered you were alive and the day you forgot about it”


“Life is a stampede to get to the top”


“The highest form of worship is to answer God's prayer.”


“If only the dead will return…?”


“Sometimes the rope seems the only option when at the bottom of the pit. Climb it to safety.”


“There two separates world; life and dead!”


“Hope makes life worth living.”


“Hope is a gaze on a higher power to meet our every need.”


“The fullness of life is wrapped in all sacred times: plenty and scarcity; happiness and sadness; planting and harvesting; sunrise and sunset; winter and springtime; summer and autumn; beginning and finishing; birth and death…!”


“Some people start to live when they die”


“Life is like water in a glass. Drop by drop the glass empties.”


“We ought to be patient at all times.”


“Family is the only why of life”


“Times of adversity, rekindle my spirit.”


“If you still have fear, you love life”


“Be enthusiastic about your life.”


“Life is your greatest asset.”


“Enjoy good times, endure adversity.”


“Don’t allow the demands of work load; make you lose touch with life.”


“Safety, stability--it's an illusion. It's a false god, Simon. It's like clinging to a sinking raft instead of learning to swim.”



“You do not respond to a mosquito bite with a hammer.”

“Always remember the primary purpose of your life is living in tune with your energy pattern, find the true expression for the energy and go with the flow!”

“If a certain event repeats itself over and over again, it means somewhere someone has destined it.”


“The harder life is, the closer to life we are”


“Physical pain is the point where utopian life meets real, hard life”


“Somethings are simply better left the way they are.”


“I would like a child to grow up to have a happy life and make a contribution to society. I don't mean to be a big scientist or something like that. How many people can do that? I think if you live a happy life and are a good person, that is a contribution to society.”

“I have tried everything except being myself!”

“Each man lives in his own universe and when he dies the world is over”


“Some things are very important and some are very unimportant. To know the difference is what we are given life to find out.”

“Your true beliefs are known in agony”


“Had there been no gravity, my tears would have extinguished the fire my head is on.”

“Don't look for meaning in life. It was meant to be lived not understood”


“Energy is everything - Its the essence of life!”

“What's the use of life without health? It's like living dead”


“Marriage is a lot like a roller coaster. You have extreme highs and you can have some pretty extreme lows, but the ride is worth it.”


“Thank you for all you taught me, and all you tried to teach me that I refused to learn.”


“Mankind is one human family.”


“Peaceful co-existence is the heart of humanity.”


“I have the nagging sense that my true friends are waiting for me, beyond college, unusual women whose ambitions are as big as their past transgressions, whose hair is piled high, dramatic like topiaries at Versailles, and who never, ever say "too much information" when you mention a sex dream you had about your father.”


“Life is a sweet sour adventure. When you want to go it becomes sweet, when you remain, it becomes sour”


“Every life is a unique random business”


“Smart is informed reasoning, therefore anyone is smart if they research before reasoning.”


“Life is an invisible stampede”


“No one said parenting was easy,but NO good parent has any right to give up.It is one labyrinth you can never quit because it seems too hard.”

“Mechanics of Mind: I feel the greatest source of despair stems not from what we do on a daily basis, but the pace at which our mind thinks vis-a-vis our progression in real life that matters - the greater the gap the more the despair!”

“You can truly live if you can see yourself centuries after you have died. Just imagine it. What will people remember about you, how will your grave look like? How will your children live, etc.”


“There are in life real evils enough and it is folly to afflict ourselves with imaginary ones.”

“We need to learn ourselves before we can understand what really annoys us!”

“You need bravery for compassion. In the picture of your soul, the bravery points are the most beautiful.”



“Do not be overcome by hate. But conquer hate with love.”


“It is very important to understand why those annoying people annoy you and then figure out where that fits into your world.”

“In every situation, may we find the grace of endurance.”


“The opinions of others are their perceptions. Define your life!”


“Open your eyes! And observe the miracles of everyday life. Absolute Amazing!”


“We travel with our thoughts to great lands.”


“If you feel like life is moving too slowly, it might just be because it respects the speed limits.”

“Life is a fantasy.”


“Without life’s struggles, we cannot grow into the person that we are meant to become.”

“Cost, cost, cost. Freedom costs. That’s life.”


“To live without hope is to be dead alive!”


“Life. Too much of it, and not enough. The fear that it will end some day, and the fear that tomorrow will be the same as yesterday.”

“When God gives you a dream, He will grant you the grace to fulfil it.”


“Be an intentionally D.U.M.B. Person today!
D-Demonstrate love to someone today
U-Understand and encourage someone today
M-Motivate someone today
B-Believe in someone today”

“Would you regret not doing it if you died tomorrow? Then do it today.”

“When our spirit departs, we will transit into the next world.”


“Naked I came into the world and naked I will depart out of it.”


“May you find the God-predestined path for your life.”


“Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell; mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.”


“Never allow evil to conquer you.
But overcome evil with good deeds.”


“But life isn't like that. You can't be sure how it's going to come out, even if you do everything right. They turn around on you, lives do.”

“Ask the Creator to direct your path.”


“The Bible states in Psalms 139:14 that you are fearfully and wonderfully made and that you are a wonderful work of art. That makes you uniquely special. It only makes sense for you to just be the special you that you were created to be period.”

“Your life is the only journey, you travel unaided.”


“Try not to do wrong in the process of doing right.”

“Life is a spiritual breath.”


“The Power of One: just one is all it takes to change your life forever!”

“Bible is a window into the life and practices of the people who lived in Israel and bordering nations of Egypt, Mesopotamia, Greece, Rome, and Judea.”


“You must choose a positive response to any situation. This is the step action to conquer it.”


“Be the music of your soul. Don't be a pawn in someone else's game.”



“The best part of the journey is the surprise and wonder along the way.”

“Live your life without ever having to ask, 'What if?”

“One act of betrayal can shatter a lifetime of trust.”

“A prayer and positive affirmation are the keys for a divine intervention in any situation.”


“Anyway, in those years, I was happy, as to one extent or another I have always been happy. The forest was not a wilderness to me, but served instead as my private garden, comforting in spite of its vastness, and endlessly mysterious.
The more familiar a place becomes, the more mysterious it becomes, as well, if you are alert to the truth of things. I have found this to be the case all of my life.”


“Initially the snow had been beautiful, but not so much now. The softness and sparkle still charmed, but the storm occluded the sky, denying us the stars. At the moment, I needed to see a firmament of stars, needed to gaze past the moon and through the constellations, needed to see what can't be seen--infinity.”


“In a universe in which past, present, and future came into existence all at once, complete from beginning to end, with all possible outcomes of every life woven through the tapestry, there is no chance, only choice, no luck, but only consequences.”


“The greatest success is to live the life of your dreams.”


“Every day is precious as none of us knows when or where our journey will end.”

“Choices! Choices!! Choices!!!
I have chosen love over hate.
I have chosen faith over fears.
I have chosen courage over cowardice.
I have chosen strength over weakness.
I have chosen positive thinking over negative thoughts.”


“The world of fantasy can always blindfold. Had I know is a gateway to the realities of life”

“That's the problem with running away, said the little voice. No matter where you go, you have to take yourself with you; and if yourself is constitutionally incapable of leaving well enough alone and not worrying if the rest of the world is weirder than ferret ragout, where the hell is the point?”

“Imagination is a pleasant phenomenon.”


“It's not about loosing life.
Its about making life”

“Every lie begins with the phrase, 'Because I am selfish.”

“You seem irrelevant because your relevance seems latent. You seem irrelevant because your relevance is not speaking the language they understand. You seem irrelevant because you have not yet proven the evidence that is relevant. You seem irrelevant because you are still holding your relevance. People are more interested in works that work than mere works. People are much more interested in the relevance of actions than mere actions. People are more interested in your whole self in action and the relevance of the action than your mere action. There is something to be done. There is a footprint to leave. We must do something relevant. A proven relevance is relevant for our relevance in all matters of life.”

“God will fulfil His promise. Wait patiently for God to act.”


“May God deliver you from every darkness to the glorious light.”


“I can only run at pace of my breath.”


“The sacred moment!”


“The Lord will never forsake you.”


“Challenges exist in life; don’t be afraid, there is grace for triumphant.”


“Endless faith,
Infinite hope.”


“The power of fasting is miraculous.”


“Every adversity serves a divine purpose.”


“It is better to live life with great faith, hope and courage.”


“And in the end, we were all just humans. Drunk with the idea of love, that only love can heal our brokenness”

“You can't take back the things that have been said neither the actions that have been done.”

“The ‘Lord’s Prayer’ is totally of life.”


“The first lesson in constructing viral content is having the strength, courage, and self-confidence to get in touch with your own feelings, thinking about what profoundly affects you.”



“I realize no matter how smart you are, you’ll end up trusting people and get hurt. This world is full of pretenders and you’ll never know.”

“Life is good for dreamers, if you are awake you're missing on some great fun”


“Wife is like a virus that hacks your privacy.”

“Only the dreamer can envision and execute their dream; no one else can do it for them.”


“Actions win wars. Actions heal wounds. Not words. Words are cheap. Mine, particularly. -Drew Evans.”


“Matrimony sites have made this world even more small and Fake”


“Often in life the pleasure of the journey is only eclipsed by the ecstasy of the destination.”


“Everyone has instances or times in life when they feel alone on their journey.”


“You don't get what you want, you get what you can”


“What matters is not how long it takes but the grace of fulfilled dream.”


“Ranting about her being hard to understand? Wait until you lose her. You will clearly understand, what an effortless power a woman has!”

“Sometimes it's too heavy to give a second chance.”

“The same one who mistreated you will be the one needing you. So, don't hesitate to help. Because that will be the best positive revenge.”

“If only people valued people and not money…. I've been on a journey of truth and realization. I wonder how many lessons I got to learn.”

“No wonder many people dare not look closely at life: It's a horrible sight.”


“I take the book stopped at a fold, deliver myself to its pace, to the breathing of the other storyteller. If I am someone else, it's also because books move men more than journeys or tears.
After many pages you end up learning a variant, a different move than the one taken and thought inevitable.
I break away from what I am when I learn to treat my own life differently.”

“You are born with a crown.
Create your own kingdom!”

“Who can resist when destiny calls?”


“Those who commit suicide, pensive, lonely, philosophers, are awake in life, which is a serious crime. In life everybody must be asleep.”

“God speak to us through dreams, prayer and reading of Holy Bible.”


“Riluci d'oro dove la vita ti ha scheggiato”

“Until I was left with nothing but life and books, I realised these two gracious gifts, where enough for me to exist.”


“The chief significance of life is to find your soul.”


“O Lord, thy will be done in my life as it is written in Heaven in Jesus Name. Amen.”


“I am 1324512000 seconds old. In the cosmic blink of an eye, I will become once again cosmic dust.”


“Knowing someone is not enough
You need to understand them
Because knowing and understanding are different”


“Don’t just timidly swing at the problems in your life, swing hard enough to knock them out! Small efforts produce small results, big efforts produce big results!”

“You might find it fade, but its just another shade....”

“Enthusiasm is the elixir of life.”

“Tersesatlah kita di jalan, tapi jangan tersesat di tujuan.”



“Never judge the life of another man.
You never know his struggles.”


“Love greatly.”


“Telling that guy a secret is like writing it across the sky”


“In life do what you want. Because
you'll regret it later on when you can no
longer do it”


“Everyday in your life is eventually the last one”

“The more you give of yourself, the more you find yourself.”


“Boleh tenggelam, tapi jangan terhanyut. Nanti susah kembali.”

“Power or die”

“The Bible is the greatest book ever written. It is absolutely amazing the tremendous amount of joy, peace, and success one will experience simply by applying its admonition. If you truly want the “Good Life” follow the Good Book.”

“Do not be anxious and begin to pray.”


“Try earlier and make errors sooner rather than later and see where you got it wrong while you still have time to improve”

“If you keep comparing yourself to others you will never do anything”

“If an ant looked to the towers men build, it could not dig it's own hole”

“Wealth, and poverty; the one is the parent of luxury and indolence, and the other of meanness and viciousness, and both of discontent.”


“Man is busy driving his life, and forgets it has an end until he fatally crushes it into a pit”

“The mediocre spouse tells. The good spouse explains. The superior spouse demonstrates. The great spouse encourages.”

“You are a beautiful and wonderful soul. Recognise and illuminate it.”


“Do not give up on love.”


“And in the end you will realise that everything you did, you did for you and for the people like you...”

“I can’t move, can’t get up,
My arms are chained,
My head’s not straight,
I can’t see anyone at the end of the tunnel,
I can’t move, can get up,
My head’s not straight,
My dreams have left,
I feel empty and hollow,
My arms are chained,
The angel of fear is here with me,
To give me a message “soon you’ll be free”
There’s not light at the end of the tunnel,
I feel empty and hollow.”

“Wake up and see the truth
You can fly, or travel far,
All within a blink of an eye,
We go to the moon and back,
We create monsters and Gods,
We can go to heaven or hell,
All within a blink of an eye,
We‘re Devils and we’re Gods,
We murder and give life,
All within a blink of an eye
Wake up and see the truth
The devil and god,
None could exist without you.”

“I am the force willing to change direction.
I have chose life instead of murder,
I am the force, who sits at peace,
at least for now,
I am the force, who could destroy 1000 lives,
I am nothing and everything,
I could be a monk and the one who killed the masses,
I am nothing and everything,
I am a willing force, one way or the other.”

“Negative habits eat you up. They’re the biggest roadblocks that prevent you from realising your fullest potential; and the very first step towards crafting real change is to become aware of all the destructive habits that squander you! An awareness of what needs to be improved, tackled, or abandoned will go a long way in restructuring your life. Make a list of all the lousy habits that you want to eliminate; and then roust them out of your life, before they chomp you up completely. Axe them, uproot them, throw them into the ocean and never look back.”

“Sooner or later everything that exists ceases to exist, and then something comes along to take its place, but not always something better.”


“With patient and perseverance, the mountain is conquered.”


“I am passionate about life.”


“Life is a never-ending process of growth and learning. We can welcome this growth, or choose to reject it. But, the healthy thing to do is welcome it with open arms, no matter how painful or hurtful the lesson may be. Because, if it is in your life, you can be fairly certain that it is there for a reason.
We often hear that some of the most significant life change comes about as a result of great pain and suffering. It is comforting to know that on the other side of darkness and despair exists hope, excitement and anticipation for the future and its possibilities.”

“Take one minute every day and think hard about your life. You will always change for the best.”


“If you want a meaningful life for yourself don't ask "What can the world offer to me?" but "What can I offer to the world?”


“It takes courage to face the sunshine.”

“Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want to believe that the specific direction we have chosen is the "correct one", if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.”

“Words are life. Positive words create positive life.”



“Tomorrow is always a better day.”

“Your life is a personal lesson. For everyone else it is a loud example.”


“The worst poverty can be found within the cold heart.”

“Breakfast isn't complete without humble pie.”

“Words are life.
We are our words.
Choose your words carefully.”


“…because it is natural to touch more often the parts that hurt.”

“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us”

“Rich gets richer with the expenses of the poorest”

“Take notice of what thoughts you choose to fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.”


“Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want the specific direction we have chosen to be the correct one, if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.”


“True defeat, is when you allow yourself to become jaded by pain and disappointment.”

“The only way to get what you want is to admit you don't really know what you want. But in the end, of course, you never truly get what you want. So just enjoy the ride.”


“Take notice of what thoughts you fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.”


“The only way to get what you want is to admit you don't really know what you want. But in the end, or course, you never truly get what you want. So just enjoy the ride.”

“That’s the thing about life. A lot of time, it isn’t easy at all. We just have to try and make the best of it.”

“Sometimes, I wish I could sit outside in a large field where the sun rays and wind breeze would sing in perfect harmony on the fragile roof of my skin. Doing nothing, thinking about everything, cuddled by the shadow of sweet memories blazing deep inside my brain. I wish I could swing back and forth on that unbreakable chair having an extraordinary conversation with God and myself, with my empty mind ready to absorb wise words from the invisible mouth.Then I would return to the neighborhood and tell the people the best way to fly is by sitting down contemplating the art of Science and the science of Art, for we all fall in the sky and sadly think we are flying. I wish I could explore life with the compass of love and ignore death, for we; people of planet Earth ignored life a long time ago once we invited hatred, jealousy, and anger aboard the ships of our heart. I wish I could write wishes like these everyday and share it with the people I love. I went to visit the people I hate, but to my surprise, I couldn't find anyone. I haven't built the room of hatred in my house yet, and never will I. "I hope." I loved some people, then they disappointed me and I disappointed some people who loved me (I am not sure about that). I studied forgiveness but still didn't get my PhD. Oh! I am sorry if I got lost in my thoughts spending so many years opening so many doors in such a little mind of mine.
In conclusion, I wish I could invite you on my chair and start all over again.”

“Life never be serious with you it always make fun of you so learn to have fun.”

“I don't like it when it stings,' he said. 'Nobody does.”


“The deeds of the light are love, faith and purity.”


“Life seeks for willing soul. You can be the one.”


“Du mußt nicht groß sein, um Großes zu vollbringen.”

“Run you own race of life with patient.”


“Consistency in right thinking and right doing is how you stay up in a down world.”

“Money can buy you Playstation but not time to play it”


“The arrogant heart can only be humbled by love.”

“You ought to pray for grace to handle the uncertainties in life.”


“A man ought to pray daily for himself, his wife, his children and his family.”


“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”



“Leaves grow old gracefully, bring such joy in their last lingering days. How vibrant and bright is their final flurry of life.”

“Today is a new chapter in the story of your life. While you're holding the pen, what will you write? Now, is your time to shine! Will you continue holding the pen? Or, will you express yourself from deep within?”


“Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.... The friction tends to arise when the two are not the same....There is no more hollow feeling than to stand with your honor shattered at your feet while soaring public reputation wraps you in rewards.
That's
soul destroying. The other way around is merely very, very irritating.”


“You must remember that no one can hurt you, use you or take advantage of you unless you allow it.”

“Everything happens for a reason. Sometimes the reason is you're stupid and make bad decisions.”


“Peace and gladness in every home is a peace for the society, nation and the world.”


“When life presents you an opportunity seize it!”

“The three l’s of being are life, light and love.”


“Success comes only through strong will, determination and effort.”


“Live a joyful life.”


“Live is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.”


“Life is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.”


“Where there is life, hope prevails.”


“افضل طريقة لتنتصر في اي نقاش هي ان تتجنبه.”

“With positive outlook life will always be beautiful.”


“Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.... The friction tends to arise when the tow are not the same....There is no more hollow feeling than to stand with your honor shattered at your feet while soaring public reputation wraps you in rewards.
that's
soul destroying. The other way around is merely very, very irritating.”


“Beauty should always be acknowledged where it stands.”

“The Mirrow will always win from the Shadow.”

“Striving for successful goals will have a tendency at times to be discouraging, thankless, and mentally draining. You are entitled to these feelings, however you are not entitled to give up.”

“Dazzled by your own "good" and blinded to His "best"?”

“Often the greatest successes in life emerge in the presence of failure.”

“Have hope...often the greatest successes in life emerge in the presence of failure.”

“Saznanje da si nevoljen izaziva veliku patnju ali ne i najveću. Najveću patnju izaziva saznanje da više nisi voljen.”


“every dark night of life has a new dawn to come”


“Success often emerges in the presence of failure.”

“If you think your life is a nightmare, don't wake up. Reality is worse.”

“Sadly enough, sometimes you and Lenny are the only real human interactions that I have all day. The rest of the day I'm just like a machine that mechnically computes and produces
Also in "Stories and Scripts:An Anthology”


“In some mystical way, Lenny seemed to ennoble work more than anyone I had ever met"
Also in "Stories and Scripts:an Anthology”


“For the love of God. Fight for what you want.Get hurt. Cry, Scream. Screw up. Fall in fucking love.But do it brcause you're doing what you wanted to, not because someone else told you it's what you're supposed to do.”


“Work while you can and rest when you must.”



“Show me a man who mistakes patience for weakness and I’ll show you a fool.”

“Do not pursue a life that looks good. Pursue a life that is good.”

“Don’t allow your thoughts of frustration allow you to make decisions out of desperation.”

“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”


“At times we must forgive others even when they don’t deserve it. We forgive them because we deserve it. Free yourself.”

“God’s forgiveness is greater than the devil’s hate.”

“Tough times should serve only one purpose in your life; to teach you how to be tougher on the inside than your circumstances are on the outside.”

“The ultimate winner in life is one who receives the grace given to us by Jesus Christ and lives life accordingly.”

“Nothing is more compelling than the power of choice. You can choose good over evil and right over wrong. Choose right!”

“God gave you purpose, the devil can’t stop it, so the person in the mirror must choose success or failure. Choose success!”

“Here’s how to create an inspired vision for your life: Change the scope of your thinking from seeing is believing to believing is seeing.”

“It’s amazing how when we were young we wanted to know what it felt like to be older and when we are older we want the feeling of being younger again.”

“Time is your most valuable asset. Money you can spend, lose, and get back. Once time is spent, you can never get it back. Spend your time wisely today.”

“Here is something good to remember. You were formed by God to become a beacon of light that shines brightly within the darkness of this world. You have a purpose!”

“An Amazing God + Amazing Faith = An Amazing Life!”

“If you only focus on what is, you may never attain what could be. Focus on the possibilities.”

“Patience is the key that unlocks the door to perseverance that unlocks the door to endurance that unlocks the door to the sustaining power of true success.”

“You can go as far as you believe it, but through prayer you can exceed it.”

“Real hope is a real sense of knowing that your best days are yet to come, so dream on. What you can conceive is what you can achieve.”

“The metamorphosis of your life begins with your mental appreciation for the cocoon stage of your journey. The adversities, the struggles, the perils of life are what either destroy your motivation or encourage your transformation to become what you were truly born to be. A WINNER!”

“I’ve heard it said that a thousand mile journey to success begins with the first step. Anyone feel like taking a walk with me today?”

“Trust and believe in the vision of your mind that others cannot yet see. While others abide by the creed that seeing is believing, you must know that believing is seeing.”

“Embrace today! Embrace the new day! Yesterday is gone forever. Tomorrow is not guaranteed. All we have is now and a great day to look forward to. Today is the day the Lord has made. Rejoice and be glad in it!”

“Each decision you make today has the potential to unlock and open doors of profitable benefits or close the doors to great opportunities. Think before you act and make your decisions wisely today.”

“Focus your thoughts today on HOW ‘You can!’ instead of accepting that ‘You can’t.’ Amazing ideas will come your way.”

“Live in the moment! Yesterday is gone forever, tomorrow is yet to come, but you have right now. Live in the moment!”

“The Lord gives the bread of adversity and the water of affliction for spiritual rebirth.”


“God is the creator of love. He demonstrated His love to you through the sacrificial death of His Son. The closer you draw to God the more you will demonstrate your love for others by becoming a living sacrifice by putting others before yourself.”

“Make the most of your sacred life on earth.”


“Comfort blindfolds; difficulty brings realization.
Pain reveals; disappointments plant trigger of actions.
Fear controls; ignorance deceives.
Anger torments; silence keeps.
Misunderstanding divides; love joins.
Laughter starts; deception suspects.
Frowning cautions; sorrow remembers.
Purposefulness moves; idleness wastes.
When you live in comfort, ponder.
When you live in pain, take lessons.
When life goes up, plant your feet and appreciate the height.
When life goes down, envision the height and dare to get there with tenacity.
Life is how you take and manage things. Be a manager of things or things shall be your manager”

“Orang lebih suka bicara daripada mendengarkan."
"Iya. Meskipun itu artinya orang suka memberi daripada menerima.. khusus dalam hal kata-kata. Hehe. Itu juga berarti orang lebih suka menerima daripada memberi... dalam hal perhatian.”



“We can’t control everything that happens to us, but we can control how we respond to things we can’t control.”

“Ask broad questions and you'll get more than one answer. Ask specific questions and you'll get no answer.”


“Real choices – the ones that changed you and shaped you – were never made with the head, but on the beat of a heart that saw a future it couldn't live without.”


“You have a choice, you either give it your best, or alternative you give up. Don't look back upon your life with regret, make the changes you want and make them now!".”

“How do i know that what I see as blue and what you see as blue are the same thing?
Answer: We don't. We take it on faith.”


“Respect could never be bought or ordered.”

“You ought to write grateful gratitude every day”


“Never stop the vibe of parenthood. It just makes you see life in a more meaningful level.”

“There are no regrets in life, only experiences. Every experience helps us to be what we can be.”


“Nothing will sustain you more potently than the power to recognize in you humdrum routine, the true poetry of life - the poetry of the commonplace, of the ordinary person, of the plain, toilworn, with their loves and their joys, their sorrows and griefs.”

“There exist possibilities in every problem.”


“There is no lesson in cruelties.”

“Live In The Moment...Dance like it's your last dance...Sing like it's your last song...Laugh like it's your breath...And love like it's your last romance...Everyone isn't given second chances so seize the moment.”

“Innocence isn't something we lose, but realise we don't need.”


“I went because the nights are numbered and I do not know the count.”


“More than "why", "how" you live matters.”

“We must live a life that is not geared towards living today but our existence after existing and exiting the earth. We must think of our footprints that will long exist after our existence come to its ebb. We must get reasons for existing. For what reasons are you existing?”

“May it be a postive or a negative emotions, they are all needed in every person's well being. Like, there is sadness in every joy, disgust in every anger or fear in every surprise.”

“Sometimes you need to let 'em think things through even though you can't decipher what is in their minds. This way, you prepare 'em to be emotionally healthy with what life may brings ahead of 'em.”

“The knowledge of God’s greatness is joy of the soul.”


“There is an opportunity cost in every action.”


“Life is a game of chance.
You ought to play the game.”


“En tu vida tendrás muchos motivos para ser feliz, uno de ellos se llama agua, otro se llama viento, otro se llama sol y siempre llega como una recompensa luego de la lluvia.”

“We are always learning; we just have different teachers.”


“You can handle any situation by divine grace.”


“Don't miss to take out of mistake”

“My decision to become a teacher suddenly seemed even more appropriate. Life had just become that much more unpredictably precarious and ill-suited to long-term planning, and it felt that much more necessary to spread love and knowledge to those who would one day have to manage this messy and painful world of ours"
Also in Zack Love's "Stories and Scripts: an Anthology”


“Your failures are not determined by how many times you fall down. Your failures are determined by how many times you stay down, so get up and continue to strive!”


“Not everyone is meant to be in your life for the long run. Some are just passing through to lead us to those that should be.”

“If losing Sam had taught me anything, it was to seize life-seize everything it had to offer, including the tears, the anger and loss, but most of all, the laughter and the love.
To just seize life.
Because it was fleeting and it was fickle, and no one, not me or anyone I knew, had another day, let alone another second promised to them.”



“Seek God every morning.
Trust God every moment.”


“Time spent with people of not your liking is time wasted”


“If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.”

“I tell the kids, somebody's gotta win, somebody's gotta lose. Just don't fight about it. Just try to get better.”

“It is better to hope than despair.”


“There is no nobility in self torture.”

“Is there any life without any difficulty?”


“Truly, great is the man who is not afraid or ashamed of love.”

“There are only two classes of people in the world - people who lie and people who don't lie.”

“Love in Life is never a battle of 'win' or 'loss' but a journey of unconditional acceptance.”


“When I think about my life, I don’t have any regrets.”

“We endure hard times by the power of God.”


“We endure hardships by God’s grace.”


“Time is a valuable wealth.”


“there is a truth in everyone that lies deep within; finding that truth can take a life time or just a moment in solitude.”

“Life is not what you have or what you can keep. It is what you can bear to lose.”


“May life bring you good fortune.”


“If a man says to you, "This is the truth," and you believe him, and you discover what he says is not the truth, you are disappointed and you make sure you will not be caught out by him again. But a man who has lived by the truth-and you have believed in what he has lived-he does not leave you merely wary when he fails you, he leaves you with nothing.”

“No hay locura más grande que ver la vida como es y no como debería ser”


“There are some things in this world that we cannot fix, and they happen, and it is not our fault, though we still might have to deal with them. There are other things in this world that we can fix. And that is what good teachers like me are for.”

“You don't ask for all that you get. You don't get all that you ask for. That shouldn't stop you from working the hardest for what you wan't the most.”

“He who fears he shall suffer already suffers what he fears.”


“Hope is an anchor.”


“The timeless promises of God are our confident hope.”


“By the time the sun burns itself out or global warming does us in, or something else happens in-between, I had to tell this story from the avenue of the less-known and the lesser seen.”


“You would rather opt for death than give up. Because, what a way to live a mediocre life by choice?”

“We live, oblivious of the reality that grief is an incessant stream that flows into our life time and again and brings all those boulders back, which we had discarded in the hope of never meeting again.”

“Can't Live with you and I Cannot Live without you”

“Some journeys can only be traveled alone.”

“My selfie my life!”

“The only thing limiting you is yourself.”

“If life were all sunshine and chocolate, there wouldn’t be any saints.”



“Out of all the addictions in the world, Attention is slowly but surely becoming one of the most dangerous.”

“You have to discovery many things by yourself.”


“Never point a gun unless you're ready to end a life. -Horse”


“You can’t make a map and expect a river to bend to it.”


“If you want to survive, you must know where your shovel is.”


“Oh when our hope be shaken
Oh when the trouble be overtaken
Oh when the storm be a token
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of our Maker
Then shall our peace within be awaken
Then shall our peace within be awaken
Oh when the peace we want, dwindles!
Oh when the life we want is found in the shackles!
Oh when the paradox of sleeplessness, makes us marvel!
Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives.
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when the storms of life
seem to triumph over our lives
Oh when the relation with our maker
shakes at the appearance of the light
Oh when life, shows its hazardous side.
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of God.
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when we rest in the belly of troubles
Oh when our skill seems not working
Oh when the test seems not ending
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn path of God
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when we are entangled
in the worsened economic life
Oh when the hurdles of life
escalates to the apex in might
Oh when our strength cannot be our might
Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when our achievements, be at the apex
Oh when our joy, be made perfect
Oh when we sleep soundly in fervent
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn paths of God
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken”

“What was it my father used to say? A bird stuck between two branches gets bitten on both wings. I would like to add my own saying to the list now, Father: a man stuck between two worlds lives and dies alone.”


“When you arrive at the destination, never forget where the journey began.”


“God will generously give you wisdom, if thy will ask.”


“All that I am is by the grace of God.”


“You don’t get to tell the person how much they’ve influenced you. You don’t get to tell them how much you appreciate what they have done for you. You don’t get to tell them how much you love them and will miss them. When you don’t get the chance to say goodbye, you don’t get the chance to say thank you. Everyone deserves a thank you and goodbye.”


“E mai bine, totuși, să o iei pe o cale greșită decât să te rătăcești complet.”

“Life is a crazy mixture of intoxicating cocktails.”

“Life is a journey with almost limitless possibilities.”

“Loneliness is like a virus spreading all over the world.”

“There are two rules of action for all sentient beings, for all galaxies, and for all time. Where these rules are honored, above and beyond the manufactured laws of government, there is always peace, freedom and abundance. The first rule of action is: Feed the poor.”


“Oh when our hope be shaken
Oh when the trouble be overtaken
Oh when the storm be a token
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of our Maker
Then shall our peace within be awaken
Then shall our peace within be awaken
Oh when the peace we want, dwindles!
Oh when the life we want, is found in the shackles!
Oh when the doors of sleeplessness is opened to us!
Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives.
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when the storms of life;
seem to triumph over our lives
Oh when the relation with our maker;
shakes at the appearance of the light
Oh when life, shows its hazardous side.
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of God.
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when we rest in the belly of troubles
Oh when our skill seems not working
Oh when the test seems not ending
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn path of God
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when we are entangled;
in the worsened economic life
Oh when the hurdles of life;
escalates to the apex in might
Oh when our strength fades away
Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Oh when our achievements, be at the apex
Oh when our joy, be made perfect
Oh when we sleep soundly in fervent!
Oh when yet, we understand the solemn paths of God
Then shall our peace within be unshaken
Then shall our peace within be unshaken”

“Me reconcilié conmigo mismo, me acepté con un poco de benevolencia y entonces tuve mi primer atisbo de paz. Creo que ese fue el instante preciso en que tomé conciencia de quien soy en realidad y me sentí por fin en control de mi destino”


“One of the biggest challenge in life is to see things for what they are instead of what you want them to be.”

“Life is a journey with almost limitless detours.”

“Life is a journey...let it take you away!”

“It's not how much you earn that guarantees your financial security It's what you do with the money that you earn that guarantees your financial security.”


“In order to thrive, connect to and engage in what is Life-Generating and avoid or prevent what is Life-Depleting in any way you can.”

“It is easier to deal with one with an empty bank account than with one, with a broke mind.”

“It is easier to condemn than to understand.”

“To attain power, one must first obtain riches, for almost everything of the world revolves about it.”


“The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.”

“They say that wisdom comes from suffering. This is not true. Wisdom comes from having unconditional empathy for all mankind. Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you. If you do not feel love for all mankind, nor see everyone around you as a valuable human and an extension of yourself, then you will never feel real empathy. And if you do not have empathy, then you will not gain, learn and remember valuable knowledge from your experiences, or those around you, so that you one day become wise. Yet most importantly, wisdom comes from having a good memory. If you do not remember anything, or are so disconnected from basic humanism to even care to dissect lessons to be gained from every experience in your life and from those around you - using simple reason and the juggling of feelings, then wisdom will forever remain a faraway planet to you.”



“Forget about being impressive and commit to being real. Because being real is impressive!”


“You know what is beautiful? A real conversation with a real person.”


“If someone takes it upon themself to compliment you, don’t explain to them why the compliment is misplaced or undeserving, say “thank you” and smile; that was the purpose.”

“...the act of kindness is an unselfish act, it is medicine for your soul...”


“Be humble, be gentle, be kind.”


“Love yourself and the beauty of your uniqueness.”


“The only time that exists in life is now.”

“The greatest joy in traveling is seeing where you end up.”

“Every day is a journey into the unknown.”

“Real life isn't purely filled with roses and rainbows.”

“Pessimists try to convince you the world sucks, optimists already know it does and smile anyway.”


“Sometimes we get so busy with our daily lives we do not take the steps and time necessary to be introspective.”


“Living like an empty shell is not really living, no matter how many years it might go on”


“Playing Stephen [Hawking] was a constant reminder to put things in perspective: we only have one chance at this”

“The great revelation perhaps never did come. Instead there were little daily miracles, matches struck unexpectedly in the dark; here was one.”


“Ningún hombre es tan omnipotente como para dar todo, ni tan mezquino como para no dar nada…”


“Recognize the issue, admit there is an issue and then do something about the issue.”

“Waiting from heaven for the spark to fall.”

“Every journey in life has a destination.”

“I’d want them to know that everyone has their own rules for living and few people actually live by them all. So, although I may not have lived up to all of my rules and expectations in this book, I’d want them to know that I tried, and the reason I tried was for them, and if I broke them, they were broken with the best of intentions.”


“Add to the plus column in your Balance Sheet of Life on a daily basis.”


“See that path in front of you? That path has been laid before you, the one that you’re supposed to take, the one you’re told to take through life…just like everyone else. If you follow that path, you’ll be following all the rules, you’ll always know that you did what everyone wanted you to do and you’ll make it through…
See that path in front of you? I dare you to step off and make your own.”

“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.”


“Most journeys in life rarely end up where we originally intended.”

“Unknown destinations are the hallmarks of life.”

“Failure teaches us the most important life lesson; it's how we find our true character.”


“Life is about failure.”


“Life is a journey; let the journey take you away.”

“هر کسی سنگی است بر گور پدر خویش”

“How simple it is to acknowledge that all the worry in the world could not control the future. How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and that there will never be a time when it is not now.”



“I remember an old teacher of mine once saying that behind every dark cloud the sun was just waiting to boil you to death.”

“The life you live will be enrich with every journey you made.”


“Life is a party where everybody is invited. Feel free to serve yourself.”

“Self-discipline, self-realization and self-reliance.”


“As young one we learned life is a opportunity and when we grow older we learned something more precious death is a gift”

“Don't You Get it? This very second you could be doing something you love and dream about doing. So do it! Now!”

“If you compare yourself with others,you are killing yourself!”

“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”

“Nobody can bring you a change. You have to want to change.”


“Human beings suffer the most when they don't take a chance to make a change.”

“Be strong, be confident and be determined.”


“Lo importante es tener salud, el resto se arregla". Es la más pura verdad, Victoria, para todo, todo de verdad, en esta vida hay solución, menos para la muerte.”


“Let go the past. Trust me, it's not worth carrying it to your glorious future.”

“What a great pleasure to work for your living?”


“Golden possibilities exist in every adversity.”


“Try to keep it simple.”

“Relationships in life expose one to many new and strange situations which teach you new and strange things - to trust whom you mistrust and mistrust whom you trust, to love whom you hate and to hate whom you love.”

“Every traveler has their unique observation of the place they have been.”


“But the world is winding down, and you take what you're given.”

“The Amen is only as good as the attitude. If you are trying to finish up quickly so you can check your cell phone messages, you are missing the chance to spend quiet moments with the giver of life and the eternal, which means you may reap continued feelings of life racing along without you. So as Samuel Beckett admonished us to fail again, and fail better, we try to pray again, and pray better, for slightly longer and with slightly more honesty, breathing more, deeper, and with more attention.”


“Life is like weather we have to discover many different seasons.”

“but there will be other things, new things. That's how it is with change. You leave one thing behind, and there's something else to take it's place.”


“But there will be other things, new things. That's how it is with change. You leave one thing behind, and there's something else to take its place.”


“Every time people back bite you and spreed some news about you its simply means that they are jealous on you”

“When your in pain you slowly killing your self but when your happy you are repairing the pain that slowly killing you”

“Maybe it was more about finding who I was in relation to the Simulacrum-to the blood inside of me- and less about finding myself in relation to who I wanted to be. Maybe I had gotten those two things mixed up along the way”


“Steinauge dachte eine Weile nach und sagte dann: "Ist das eine Schuld, wenn Böses aus dem erwächst, was man gut gemeint hat?"
"Nur gut meinen reicht nie aus", sagte der Zirbel, "solange man nicht daran denkt, was die Zeit aus dem machen könnte, was man in dieser guten Meinung tut."
"Dann tut man am besten gar nichts mehr", sagte Steinauge erbittert. "Woher soll ich wissen, was daraus entstehen könnte, wenn ich einen abgenagten Kaninchenknochen hinter mich ins Gebüsch werfe? Es könnte ja einer kommen, ihn sich in den Fuß treten und an Blutvergiftung sterben. Man könnte nicht einmal den kleinen Finger krümmen, ohne in Schuld zu fallen. Steif und starr müsste man stehenbleiben und kein Glied mehr rühren."
"Genau das habe ich ein Leben lang getan", sagte der Zirbel. "Aber ich sehe jetzt auch, dass dies für Menschen unmöglich ist. Ihr seid so geartet, dass ihr euch ständig mit irgend etwas beschäftigen müsst, statt die Zeit zu bedenken. Kein Wunder, dass ihr die Welt ständig durcheinanderbringt.”


“Always work enthusiastically.”


“Mourning is like virginity. You should give it to the one who deserves it most.”



“Everything will change in your life when you finally learn that you deserve SO MUCH BETTER”

“We must patiently endure the times.”


“Failure is not the end of life. It is the beginning of a greater success, if thy will persist.”


“The miraculous wonder of this blessed day is beyond my comprehension.”


“Every terrain in life receives tear-rain.”

“Am eager to make more mistakes in order to succeed.”

“Falling in love is the most beautiful wonder.”


“The sacred writing gives instructions on how to live life.”


“Every child destiny is predetermined by the Creator.”


“When someone hurts you over and over, ask yourself, WHY DO YOU LET THEM?”

“You have to conquer every obstacle to realize the goal.”


“Children are the most fearless souls on earth.”


“Life is a long travel. The end of the journey is often unpredictable.”


“One day My father taught me a ‎lesson "never compete with someone who sold the world for his ‎dream"... I have learned the lesson and decided to be this one so, no one can compete with me.”

“Always stay young with your looks, your thoughts should speak your maturity”

“By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and put life in its place.”


“We are divine. God is lives within us.”


“If you live only for yourself, dying is an especially scary proposition.”


“Love rekindles the soul of every man.”


“Love evoke powerful force of divinity in every man.”


“We do not know what happens when we sleep.”


“giving is a duty not a choice. Giving has no boundaries but it may be done under a noble discretion”

“We are all Unique and can be the Awesome Person in the Mirror, live a Life to be Proud off go in the good direction.”

“A man and a woman represent two heavenly beings.”


“Marriage couple represent one heavenly being.”


“How wide, how long, how deep is the love that Saviour extends to all humanity!”


“Death catches everyone eventually, and I had never harbored any illusions about its ability to catch me. That it had hesitated so long to do so seemed born more of a desire to mock me than of any real inclination to wait. Death had tired of that game, and had finally moved in to collect what we all owe.”


“To see the dawn of a new beginning, You have to make a move in the Night.”

“If you are going through hell, why the heck are you stopping to worry?”

“Age is a seasoned trickster. To our parents, we will always be children. Within ourselves, the same yearnings of youth; the same aspirations of adolescence, will last a lifetime. Only to the young - blinded by our grey hair and slowing gait - do we appear old and increasingly beyond the pale.”



“Owning fewer keys opens more doors.”


“Instead of avoiding criticisms, make criticisms work
for you.”


“Believe in your future and your future will believe in
you.”


“Mistake is an event not a person.”


“Your thinking depends on your perception, just as
your perception depends on the way you think.”


“Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can get.”


“Hang out with successful people and you'll acquire
success characters”


“Most people have to get to a point where they don't have a choice before they'll change something.”

“Unimaginative thinking has never produced a genuis”


“Reach for something out of the ordinary. You must dare to even come close.”

“We can all produce good fruits with fertile soil.”


“Doing nothing is also an action; not making a decision is making a decision.”


“Pressure makes diamonds - or not.”

“Hope is a great expectancy.”


“Stretch your mind and you will reach beyond your current reality.”

“You live one time on earth. Live each day with thankful heart.”


“Soaring is in stages, it progresses as you engage in the very art.”

“Believe, believe and it shall be!”


“Love has a meaning beyond all that we see and experience. To reach a stage where we realise this and do not expect anything for our love, we will need to undergo a number of experiences that will purify ourselves into the highest level where we find love inside everything we see and in anything we do. We are the embodiment of love, the very essence of universal love.”


“One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.”

“You are never in lack, you are always in fullness, realize it and live it.”

“Knowledge evolves, understanding matures & wisdom progresses.”

“Like children, we have dreamt, that what gratifies our desires, or contributes to our convenience to-day, will prove equally useful and satisfactory to-morrow, without reflecting on the growth of the body, the change of humours, the new objects, and the new situations, which every succeeding hour brings in its train.”

“A compassionate way of life rooted in oneness and connectivity not only impacts your greater good, but it resonates out into the world, positively impacting the greater good for all.”


“For things to be right on the outside, they first have to be right on the inside.”


“Lord thy will be done in my life.”


“We came us spirit into the world. We shall depart us spirit out of the world.”


“You don't have to worry. God will care for you.”


“Dream and dare the world to object”

“Some journeys in life can only be traveled alone.”

“Nobody can see pain. They have no frame of reference for pain that's happening to someone else. They can only see inactivity - which they interpret as laziness.”



“Here is the voice of my main Character in my Talon book series, I’ll let her introduce herself to you:
My name is Matica and I am a special needs child with a growth disability. I am stuck in the body of a two year old, even though I am ten years old when my story begins in the first book of the Talon series, TALON, COME FLY WITH ME. Because of that disability, (I am saying ‘that’ disability, not ‘my’ disability because it’s a thing that happens to me, nothing more and because I am not accepting it as something bad. I can say that now after I learned to cope with it.) I was rejected by the local Indians as they couldn’t understand that that condition is not a sickness and so it can’t be really cured. It’s just a disorder of my body.
But I never gave up on life and so I had lots of adventures roaming around the plateau where we live in Peru, South America, with my mother’s blessings. But after I made friends with my condors I named Tamo and Tima, everything changed. It changed for the good. I was finally loved. And I am the hero and I embrace my problem. In better words: I had embraced my problem before I made friends with my condors Tamo and Tima. I held onto it and I felt sorry for myself and cried a lot, wanting to run away or something worse. But did it help me? Did it become better? Did I grow taller? No, nothing of that helped me.
I didn’t have those questions when I was still in my sorrow, but all these questions came to me later, after I was loved and was cherished. One day I looked up into the sky and saw the majestic condors flying in the air. Here and now, I made up my mind. I wanted to become friends with them. I believed if I could achieve that, all my sorrow and rejection would be over.
And true enough, it was over. I was loved. I even became famous. And so, if you are in a situation, with whatever your problem is, find something you could rely on and stick to it, love that and do with that what you were meant to do. And I never run from conflicts.”

“Focussing on Karma than on the lessons needed to be learned is setting a trap for "what goes around comes around." Never wish for others what you will not wish for yourself. Do to others as you want done to you. That's what love is about!”

“Without challenge we become too comfortable with life.”


“There are so many rules that you don't know, and no matter how much you study, you can't learn them all.”


“You will get what you wish to have.”


“- So you're a masochist.
- I know. But what's life rather than walking barefoot?”

“concentrate less on people and much on purpose. People can put your purpose in disarray; your purpose can put people in disarray.”

“God knows your every need.”


“Stairs are your teacher; they teach you to be stronger. Love your teacher and every time life puts some stairs before you, accept them as a present!”

“We only get to receive what we internally give to ourselves through the programming of our internal representations.”

“... one can't live without falling now and again.”


“Life must be live daringly.”


“As long as you believe that you can achieve and progress in it you will succeed”

“But let that not be the moral of my story. True happiness doesn't come from simply getting married. I don't believe a woman's worth should be measured by whether or not she's married.”


“We are all not called to be entrepreneurs but we can all be enterprising in our chosen fields”

“The People say I am too quiet. It ain't true; I talk a lot with myself.”

“For once everything was lost.”

“(on iPhone) the battery is fine. It lasts for four days. Though this might have something to do with the fact that I'm a man, and therefore only think to use a phone when I'm on a cliff, clinging to a branch, in a howling gale. And only then as a last resort.”


“Having more prestige over yourself could help you to increase your values."﻿”

“There are hard days to live. And sometimes they will be just a few, and sometimes they will seem endless. And eventually you'll come to understand that we've all been there before - or more than likely are going there now. And maybe that idea will make it easier for you, and maybe it won't. But there will still be hard days to live, and you will still have to find your way through them.”


“Failure is not defeat. It is the start of lifelong learning adventure.”


“If you are waiting for approval to live your life, I am sorry none is forthcoming”

“The holy writings are my greatest inspiration.”


“Stay away from these three people if you want to lead a happy healthy stress free life. Lawyers,Doctors and Priests. Lawyers take your money,Doctors take your health and Priests take your soul.”

“El mundo tiene sus límites donde tú decidas”

“Beauty identifies by face, but justifies by only heart.”

“We cannot predict the behavior of people”

“Nothing will happen with a blink of an eye. However, it takes a lot of strategies to do something.”

“People are always quick to call evil what they do not know. The unknown sprouts fear. It spreads like an infection, burrowing into every facet of their lives. They need a scapegoat, someone to blame. Fingers are pointed, accusations are made, and a target lands on somebody’s back. They grow angry. They turn violent.
To history, human nature must be a stubborn and tiring student. No matter how many times history tries to show it the error of its ways, it never learns from its mistakes.”



“How many of your contemporaries - when asked the question 'Are you glad you had kids'? - invariably respond 'Yes, but..'?”


“I believe in the ability to choose. I believe this life is made up of our choices and their consequences— the good and the bad. I do not believe in letting anything up to fate. We are the makers of our own destinies, our own futures, our own paths. To blindly follow is an insult to the miracle of being human. To be human is to make choices; the moment you allow others to make decisions for you is the moment you do an injustice to not only mankind but to yourself.”


“Every problem has a solution; it may sometimes just need another perspective.”


“હું તમને મહાનતાનો એક રસ્તો બતાવું છું. તમે સપનાઓ જુઓ. મોટા સપનાઓ જુઓ. પછી બસ મુઠી વાળીને તે સપનાઓ પાછળ ભાગવાનું ચાલુ કરી દો. તમે નિષ્ફળ થશો. રડવા લાગશો. પડી જશો. કંટાળી જશો. આ હકીકત છે, અને હું તમને બીજી એક કડવી હકીકત કહું છું- તમે અંધકારમાં ફસાઈ ગયા છો, અને ઈચ્છો છો કે તમને કોઈ આંગળી પકડીને લઇ જાય? ના. કોઈને પડી નથી તમે કેટલા ગાંડા છો, ભાંગી ગયા છો, તમને દુઃખ છે. ના. કોઈને તમારા દુઃખને માટે પોતાની સારી-સારી ક્ષણોને બગાડવાનો શોખ નથી. એટલે હવે પડ્યા પછી તમારા પ્રોબ્લેમ સંભળાવવાનું બંધ કરો. એક પણ એક્સક્યુઝ નહી. અંધારામાં ઉભેલા માણસ હંમેશા મજબુરી ભરી વાતો કરે છે, અને બહાના બતાવ્યા કરે છે. હું કહું છું- છોડો એ વાતો. ઉભા થાવ. મેં જોયું છે- કુતરાઓને પણ જયારે ખરજવું થાય, મરવા પડ્યા હોય, તો પણ છેલ્લા શ્વાસ સુધી, બહાર લબડતી જીભ સુકાય જાય ત્યાં સુધી, આંખો બંધ થાય ત્યાં સુધી દોડતા રહે છે. તમને કેમ બહાના કાઢીને બેસી ગયા છો? હું છાતી ઠોકીને કહું છું દોસ્ત...જ્યારે લાઈફ તમને કિક મારે છે, તમે રડવા લાગો છો, અને તમે પડી જાવ છો ત્યારે દુનિયાનો કોઈ પણ માણસ રેફરી બનીને તમારા માટે પરિસ્થિતિને રેડ-કાર્ડ બતાવવા નહિ આવે. તમને સાંત્વના દેવા બીજા ખેલાડીઓ આવશે, પરંતુ તમારે જાતે જ આંસુ લુંછીને રમતમાં ઉભું થવું પડશે.
મહાનતા જેવું કઈ હોતું જ નથી, અને જો હોય તો લોહી વાળા હાથે આંસુ લુંછીને મેદાનમાં ઉભા થનારો મહાન બંને છે. ઉભા થઈને દુઃખાવો સહન કરીને દોડનારો મહાન બંને છે. દોડીને પોતાના લક્ષ્ય તરફ, ગોલ મારવા માટે પોતાના હાડકા ખરી જાય ત્યાં સુધીની હિંમત લઈને ભાગનારા મહાન બંને છે. પોતાના શરીરમાં થતા દુખાવાની ફરિયાદ કર્યા વિના ફરી-ફરીને ઉભા થનારા મહાન બંને છે. જો એ મહાનતાના ગોલ-પોસ્ટ સુધી પહોંચવું હોય તો વારંવાર દોડવું પડે છે. અને આ બધું છતાં ઘણીવાર તમે એ ગોલ મારી શકતા નથી. સફળતાની એક ક્ષણ માટે હજારો વાર નિષ્ફળ થવું પડે છે. નિષ્ફળ થઈને મેદાન બહાર ગયા પછી દિમાગની નસોને કસી-કસીને શીખવવું પડે છે. છાતીમાં નવો લાવા શોધવો પડે છે. ફરીવાર વધુ જુસ્સા-જનુન અને નવી સમજ સાથે મેદાનમાં ઉતરવું પડે છે. ફરીથી દોડવું પડે છે. એકપણ ફરિયાદ વિના. બધીજ બાહોશી સાથે. બધા દાવ-પેચ લગાવીને. જરૂર પડે તો રસ્તામાં આવનારને ધક્કો મારીને. છેવટે એ ગોલ-પોસ્ટ સુધી પહોંચવાનું જક્કીપણું જીતી જાય છે. અને એ ગોલ થઇ જાય છે. પછી જીવન નામના મેદાનમાં ટી-શર્ટ કાઢીને નાચવાનું મન થાય છે! રાડો નાખી-નાખીને પોતાની સફળતા દુનિયાને- પ્રેક્ષકોને કહેવાનું મન થાય છે. લોકો તમને ઉત્સાહ-પ્રેમ-જુસ્સો આપે છે. એ સમયે એક પણ આંસુ, દુઃખતું શરીર, તૂટેલા હાડકા ...કોઈ દુઃખાવો મહેસુસ થતો જ નથી. સ્થિર માણસ નહી, હંમેશા દોડનારો જીતી જાય છે. મહાન બંને છે.
હું ફરી કહું છું. એ એક ક્ષણ માટે હજારો વાર હારવું પડે છે. મંજુર છે? હજારો એવી જ નિષ્ફળતા ભોગવવી પડશે. હારવું પડશે. મંજુર છે? એક સમયે તમારી પીઠ પર હાથ મુકનારા, તમને સલામ કરનારા જરૂર દેખાશે. કોઈ નહી તો તમારું હૃદય જરૂર તમને ખુશ કરી દેશે.”


“Our experiences always teach us something. If the experience is "bad", then the lesson is even more powerful and meaningful. Every unfortunate incident makes us stronger and better equipped to handle new challenges.”


“That had always been the beauty of the wind. It could only be seen through its actions, its effect on others. A gentle reminder that reality does not only exist in the seeable, the palpable, the understandable, but also in the figments and daydreams, the steadfast beliefs and unexplainable uncertainties. Reality is seen and yet unseen. Wholly and absolutely relative. The wind had taught him that.”

“Without their uniforms, they were probably nobodies, rejects. Give a man a uniform. Give him a few sparkly badges, a purpose, a gun ... and suddenly, he was no longer just another kid trying to make it through life without being ridiculed. Suddenly, he was a part of something. Something important. Something powerful. Something greater than he could ever be on his own. It was amazing how empowering the group could be.”


“You cannot buy trust,you have to earn it.”

“What would life be without challenges?”


“When we stand up for what we believe in—for what’s right—there is always a chance that we risk the very things we fight for: our safety, our lives, our freedom. But if we stand down, the risk is definite.”

“There is no such thing as reality, only our perception of it.”

“I had discovered something; there was a pleasure in becoming something new. You could will yourself into a fresh shape. Now all I had to do was figure out how to do it out there, in my life.”

“Great sex and awesome food is what conquered the beast, not beauty. The key to happiness is to fuck like a porn star and cook like a five star chef.”

“Foolishness is wronging your own soul.”

“Reframing your past painful experiences and seeing them in a humorous light takes away the power and emotional charge attached to the memory of the hurtful event.”


“Each person in your life is a teacher, each experience in your life is a lesson. Living is like looking into a mirror, every teacher is you.”

“The life you have built around you is a reflection of what is within you. If you don't like what you see, go inside.”

“...como no estás experimentado en las cosas del mundo, todas las cosas que tienen algo de dificultad te parecen imposibles;”

“There are no shortcuts on the quest for perfection.”

“Life is not a matter of choices! Life is handed to you, a couple of cards that have cycled through the grimy hands of hundreds of players before you. There are no aces hidden up your sleeve. There is no shortcut to success and happiness. Sleight of hand will only earn you a bloody nose and a thrashing in the alley outback. So instead, you play the few good cards you have and do what you can with the bad, and you play fair. There is no choice.”


“He who knows his strength has overcome many difficulties.”


“The way you choose to think and speak about yourself (to yourself and others), IS A CHOICE! You may have spent your whole life talking about yourself in a negative way, but that doesn't mean you have to continue that path.”

“the very day we get to know the enough is enough of our lives; the very day we get to know that enough is lacking enough”

“I believe in being fully present," Morrie said. "That means you should be with the person you're with. When I'm talking to you now, Mitch, I try to keep focused only on what is going on between us. I am not thinking about something we said last week. I am not thinking of what's coming up this Friday. I am not thinking about doing another Koppel show, or about what medications I'm taking. I am talking to you. I am thinking about you.”

“But everyone knows someone who has died, I said.
Why is it so hard to think about dying?
'Because,' Morrie continued, 'most of us walk around as if we're sleepwalking. We really don't experience the world fully, because we're half asleep, doing things we automatically think we have to do.'
And facing death changes all that?
'Oh, yes. You strip away all that stuff and you focus on the essentials. When you realize you are going to die, you see everything much differently.'
He sighed. 'Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.”


“One of the most dangerous things that can happen to a child is to kill or torture an animal an get away with it.”

“Depending on someone to make for you money is quite like depending on them to make for you a baby: they will own the money just as they will own the baby”


“Be thankful that you have clothes to wear, food to eat and a place to sleep.”


“I did not know of any single soul who succeed in life without a mentorship.”


“Time management is about life management.”



“You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.”


“Everything you want in life is a relationship away.”


“Nothing you did could have changed anything.
And that being angry and blaming yourself for not being able to control the past or the future is only going to hurt worse. If you keep thinking like this, you will only be re-inventing pain.
Heaven would tell you that it’s just a little rain.
And it’s not the rain that kills you,
it’s the pain of wanting to control the sun.”


“The only thing worse than not knowing where she belonged...was knowing where she didn't.”


“When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem.
Robert Greene rephrase:
When you meet a swordsman, draw your sword. Do not recite poetry to one who is not a poet.”

“If you become too comfortable in your life, you will not understand the discomfort of others.”

“I wanna leave this world better than I found it. I have the ability to draw people to my comedy shows so I wanna use that blessing not to make money but to make a difference.”

“If you carry a weapon, war will follow you. If you carry a smile, love will knock at your door.”


“Speak gently to young women as you would to your sisters”


“Blessed is the society that has oldies.”


“There's a difference between giving up and withdrawing.”

“Don't feed poverty, feed the poor.”

“Almost everything you do, you do because you are afraid to die. And yet dying is exactly what you are doing, from the moment you are born. Two hours of absorption in a good Super Bowl telecast may distract you temporarily, but the fact remains. You were born as a sacrifice. And you can either participate in the sacrifice, dissolving in the giving of your gift, or you can resist it, which is your suffering.”

“Life is generated by love. Love is a friend to humility. The road to happiness is paved with humility, hence, be humble in life.”

“With grace we can overcome every human limitations.”


“Abundant grace, abundant life.”


“Let the gladness of your soul blossom.”


“We live not by the money we possess but by the goodness of the Creator.”


“Why play small? Let your greatness be evident to all.”


“If pitying means doing nothing, helping means doing everything.”

“Nothing really matters much and much doesn't really matter at all.”


“My Dad used to tell me not to wish my life away by praying it was Friday, or wishing for a day that was a ways off. Soon days will pass so fast you will pray for them to slow down. Nothing in life is promised. Each day is a valuable opportunity to play an important role in this world. Treat each moment like it's the performance of a lifetime; approach every show like it's your first, respect it as if you've invested years, appreciate it like it's your last.”

“It should be some kind of goal to be absolutely clear about your past experiences and have let them all go and accepted them in full.”

“After listening to so called experts it's not until you reach the end of the road that you begin to realise you've been taken down the wrong road.”

“Ostracism is just another form of racism!”

“Her restraint and control taught me a lesson I have not strayed from to this day. You may be desperate, but never let anyone see you as anything less than a cultivated woman.”


“This world is fucking crazy.”

“Shameless people are invincible.”

“Live for those moments! They keep you alive! There’s no better medicine than finding out that you’re wrong.”

“I always knew there was no one who is going to accept my flaws and understand my brokenness.And i knew it very well that nobody would hold my hand when the wind of darkness overcome my life so i just pushed them,i pushed them all away.”

“We all have two lives. The second one begins when you realize you only have one.”

“It is an inherent nature of life: Whenever success is in your reach, it tosses either an unexpected obstacle or an alluring offer, straight on your path. That unexpected manifestation, obstacle or offer, would either prompt you to press the panic button or distract your focus from your target. As you become busy dealing with the fresh situation, time, with its own flair, flies miles away from your reach, with the reward in offer. Those who endure, without getting disturbed by the obstacle or decoyed by the illusive offer, will reap the fruit. Others will flop, falling as victims to life’s conspiracy.”



“Shaving is a way to start the workday by ritually not cutting your throat when you’ve the chance.”


“You can't wake up miserable and expect something outside yourself to change that mood, you have to be willing to change that mood so you expect the best from your outside world.”

“The next time you hear a person say,
'I don't have time' or 'I have no time,'
Take a moment to be with them.
Without time, that somebody becomes a nobody.”

“Think before you act. Reason before you react.”

“One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.”

“Sum of life; Birth, childhood, youth, adulthood, parenthood, old age and death.”


“کسانی که زیاد رنج و محنت کشیده باشند یا قسی القلب می گردند یا بسیار مهربان”

“Life was not meant to be live alone.”


“People think that strength is about lifting weights in the gym. It’s more about getting up when you’re knocked down by life.”

“Never waste your energy to dwell on the past failures and mistakes.
May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.”


“I will rather walk alone in the light than to live in the dark.”


“Diz-se que as pessoas aprendem a perder o apego às coisas que sabem que vão perder. Ou que deveriam aprender. Mas eu acho que não se aprende nada. Apenas se deixa de querer aquele tempo - o agora ou o amanhã, não interessa - para se passar a querer outro”


“We are all capable of being great dreamers.”


“Before one can stand, one needs to learn how to fall.”

“That her own self-deception and self-absorption, her own slavery to the society and family in which she had been brought up, had reduced this blameless man to a weeping wreck struck her as horrific. She saw more clearly than she had ever seen before that she must change, or keep hurting the people who truly loved her.”


“No, life is not over at thirty-one!" Prince Andrei suddenly decided finally and decisively.”

“Money is Necessary of Life,
Not Life.”

“Committed to lead from the heart I appreciate a free spirit and do not follow idealistic rulebook.”

“Life can be impossibly tough. At times it seems like there is no escape from either the pressure or monotony of a world where you are corralled into being something or someone you are not. But there is an escape, to more peaceful and gentler places, and a happier state of mind.”


“Prayer is sustenance of life.”


“I can do this
I will do this
I have to do this
and
This too shall pass.”

“Bachelor life is like a walk in a theme park. Married life is also like a walk in a park but that the park is called 'Jurassic Park'.”

“I wish I'd learned then that when you call someone's bluff you usually win: it's simply not what the other person is expecting. And swimming along in the slipstream of another's current is no way to live.”


“Open up your eyes for me people, the prophecies are true and the beast is real.”

“It's a book that says the same thing almost all the other books in the world say," continued the old man. "It describes people's inability to choose their own destinies. And it ends up saying that everyone believes the world's greatest lie."
"What's the world's greatest lie?" the boy asked, completely surprised.
"It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That's the world's greatest lie.”


“Live life with great humility.”


“Forgiving is doing a favor to yourself.”

“jangka waktu antara sanjungan dan umpatan demikian tipisnya. manusia bisa pagi memuja, lalu sorenya mendamprat dengan berbagai hujatan”



“I replay the scene again and again, the broken mashed-up face looming over me, the knowledge between the two of us that I'd done it. That act of kindness is still more unfathomable to me than any cruelty.”


“मुझे शुरू से कार ड्राइव करने वाली और गाली देने वाली लड़कियाँ बहुत पसंद थीं। ऐसा लगता था कि कम-से-कम ये तो कुछ भी सहती नहीं होंगी सब अपनी मर्जी से करती होंगी”


“Lixa sempre as expectativas das pessoas, companheiro. Faz bem à circulação. (pág 333)”


“Lessons echo until you let go.”

“Your gifted purpose here on earth is to live out your days being and bringing your best self...”


“ये वैसे ही जैसे आप किसी की ईमानदारी की तारीफ करिए तो लोग विश्वास नहीं करते लेकिन अगर किसी के character को लेकर कितना भी झूठा किस्सा अपने मन से बना के सुना दीजिये तो लोग तुरंत मान जाते हैं ,कोई सवाल नहीं पूछता”


“कुछ लोग सुख में ज़्यादा खा लेते हैं और दुख में खा नहीं पाते। पांडे जी आदत से एकदम कम्यूनिस्ट थे। inter-cast शादी हो या तेरहवीं दोनों में समान भाव से खाते थे।”


“Your prayers will certainly be answered. Everyone who asks receives.”


“Drop some of them bricks you keep hauling around with you. Life just ain't that heavy.”

“Motivation always sparks a fire within us.”


“Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right.”

“चाय भी एक तरह सोशल नेटवर्क ही तो है”


“You cannot decide when to fall in love. Love will take it's own time to rise...”

“No matter how good you act to be tough, your emotions will flow without your control...”

“Without consciousness there is no existence!”

“You receive in return what you plant with your words and your deeds.”


“You may bend, but that will not bring your life to an end. Your refusal to give up is the key; your rose flowers blossom from the thorns of life!”


“May we continue to encourage one another, so that we will increase in strength and in wisdom.”


“Young people will always need mentors to guide and support them.”


“The past doesn't EXIST. Neither is the future, so be present in the present. Just BE!”

“We need not put our trust just in experts in settling on life choices or rank their recommendation unrivalled to our instinct. Professionalism is a name, an imprint, and most likely a "face". Many don't even have the right experience. They do commit damn errors that even the unskilled won't do”

“Se sei diverso hai due possibilità: o ti distingui o cerchi di passare inosservato”


“Umoristica (medica): "Gli specialisti sono mistici e sapienti come i Magi, ma funzionano al contrario: sei tu che devi andare da loro”


“Mistakes Are Life's Lectures You Didn't Plan To Attend But Situations Or People Made You Attend Them....Pay Attention And Learn From Them”


“मोक्षानंद’- जब आदमी आनंद की पराकाष्ठा जीते जी प्राप्त कर लेता। ठीक वैसा आनंद जैसा दुर्योधन को पांडवों को चौपड़ में हरा कर प्राप्त हुआ था और दुस्शासन को द्रोपदी का चीर हर कर प्राप्त होने वाला ही था”


“Any mistake in life is likely to show its ill effect one day.”


“बहुत ही अजीब हो जाता है जब भी कभी आपको सांत्वना व्यक्त करनी पड़े, sympathy दिखानी पड़े। कई ऐसे मौके आते हैं जब आपको किसी के बाप के मरने पर कोई दुख नहीं होता। ना ही किसी की लड़की के घर से भाग जाने पर ढेला भी फर्क पड़ता है। लेकिन समाज की रघुकुल रीत ही कुछ ऐसी है कि सांत्वना दर्ज़ करानी ही पड़ती है”


“मियाँ आदमी हो कि गधे हो। किसी के थोड़ा-सा काम करने में कोई घिसता थोड़े है”


“Live simply, share your wealth with others.”


“A street full of shadows will teach you what life is much better than the street full of lights!”

“एक उम्र होती है जब क्लास की खिड़की से बाहर आसमान दूर कहीं जमीन से मिल रहा होता है और हमें लगता है कि शाम को खेलते-खेलते हम ये दूरी हम तय कर लेंगे। दूरी तय करते-करते जिस दिन हमें पता चलता है कि ये दूरी तय नहीं हो सकती, उसी दिन हम बड़े हो जाते हैं”



“हमारे पहले कदम से लेकर आखिरी कदम तक तय की गयी दूरी की लंबाई जिन्दगी के बराबर होती है । इसीलिए शायद जिन्दगी हमें भटकाती है ताकि हम अपने हिस्से भर की जिन्दगी चल पायें। ये कहानियाँ भटककर संभलने और संभलकर दुबारा भटकने के दौरान तय की गयी दूरियाँ भर हैं”


“दुनिया में mute का बटन रिमोट में आने से बहुत पहले से हुआ करता था। सच को जब भी दुनिया के जिस भी हिस्से में बोला गया है किसी-न-किसी ने उसको mute करने की कोशिश की है, ये कोशिश कोई नयी नहीं है”


“वो facebook पर भी नहीं मिली जहाँ वो सारे लोग मिल जाते हैं जिनको आपअपनी लाइफ में “add as friend” नहीं करना चाहते”

“पता नहीं अगर कभी कोई हिसाब लगता कि समाज ने कितने घरों को जोड़ा और कितनों को तोड़ा है तो शायद ही समाज दुनिया की किसी भी कॉलोनी में मुँह दिखाने लायक बचता।”


“मयंक स्कूल में तब तक यशवी के लिए जगह बचाकर रोककर रखता रहा जब तक एक दिन वो उसे भूल नहीं गया । उधर यशवी भी मयंक का तब तक इंतज़ार करती रही और ताजमहल वाले promise और अपनी शादी के बारे में सोचती रही जब तक वो एक दिन मयंक को भूल नहीं गयी और बची कावेरी ....हाँ बची कावेरी..... कभी मम्मी बनकर तो कभी पापा बनकर तो कभी fill in blanks बनकर”


“आज कल की किसी भी शादी में जय माल के टाइम पर जितनी आसानी से लड़के लड़कियां एक दूसरे से इशारों में बात कर लेते हैं उसको देख के ये जानना करीब करीब असंभव है कि शादी love है या arrange।”


“उसे भी कोई regret नहीं था । Basically वो अपनी शादी को लेके शुरू से ही बहुत excited थी वो चाहे मुझसे होती या फ़िर किसी और से होती।”


“सब कुछ नहीं कह सकते न हम लोग । कुछ चीजें केवल हमारी होती हैं”


“हिंदुस्तान में जीजाओं की इज्ज़त का पैमाना यही है कि ससुराल में कोई शादी हो और तय होने से पहले उनकी राय पूछ ली जाए, वो हाँ का एकमात्र विकल्प चुनें और बाज़ार में खबर फैला दी जाए कि लड़की के या लड़के के जीजा ने सब देख समझ लिया था । जीजा जैसे जीजा होने से पहले शादी के senior consultant थे किसी MNC में”


“शरीर जुड़कर भी कई बार दो लोग बिलकुल पास नहीं आ पाते ,कुछ खाली छूट जाता है । जो खाली छूट जाता है वो फासला तब तय होता है जब दो लोग आँसू से जुड़ते हैं । जब वो उस पल के लिए रोते हैं जो वहीं सामने , उनके आँसू के साथ आँखों से चलकर गालों से होता हुआ एक-दूसरे के होठों तक फिसल रहा होता है । तब पहली बार एहसास होता है कि हमारे बिना कुछ किए भी कोई फ़ासला मिट रहा है कोई खाली जगह भर रही है ।”


“आँसू बड़े अजीब होते हैं अक्सर रिश्ते टूटते वक़्त अपनी शक्ल दिखाते हैं तो कभी कभार आँसू रिश्ते की शुरुवात करते हैं”


“अपना खयाल रखना ....और अपनी शादी में पक्का बुलाना मुझे ...और प्रॉमिस करो कि तुम भी जल्दी शादी कर लोगे और मेरी शादी में पक्का आओगे ...आओगे न “
ये ऐसी बात है जिसका कभी भी कोई सही जवाब नहीं हो सकता सिवाए “हाँ ...हूँ “ के , मैंने भी यही किया । “हाँ ...हूँ” किया ,आखिरी बार उसके होठों पर अपने निशान छोड़े ,और अपने होठों पर उसके निशान लेकर हम दोनों एक दूसरे के कान में आखिरी बार “love you और love you too “ बुदबुदाये।”


“My daughter Himani is very simple, sober and fun loving. She is modern with traditional values. Currently working with an MNC based at Delhi. We don’t believe in dowry. Looking for only serious proposals”
ये पढ़ते हुए मेरी नज़र “fun loving” पर अटकी और We don’t believe in dowry पढ़कर बहुत ही अच्छा लगा। मैंने “express interest” accept कर लिया । अगले ही मिनट वो बंदी कोने वाले chat box में दिखने लगी ।”


“गुस्से में शायद कभी आँसू न निकलते हो लेकिन बहुत गुस्से में अक्सर आँसू निकल आते हैं।”


“अक्सर गलत और सही धीरे से अपनी जगह आपस में बदल लेते हैं और दुनिया में किसी को कानो कान खबर भी नहीं होती । ऐसा कहा और माना दोनों जाता है कि शादी के बाद औरत और आदमी पराये आदमी और औरत पर उस नज़र से नहीं देखना चाहिए लेकिन सच तो यही है कि ऐसा केवल कहा और माना जाता है और जो कुछ भी दुनिया में कहा और माना जाता है वैसा होता भी हो ऐसा अक्सर बहुत कम होता है । शादी के बाद किसी औरत या आदमी का पराये आदमी या औरत को उस नज़र से देखना सही नहीं होता है ये सच बहुत दिनों तक दुनिया का सच रहा भी लेकिन ये ऐसा सच नहीं था जिसके साथ दुनिया आगे चलना चाहती थी ।”


“कभी वो चुप होती तो मैं रोने लगता तो कभी मैं चुप होती तो वो। ये हमारी पहली और आखिरी रात थी जो हमने साथ गुजारी। हमारी शादी की उम्र कुल एक दिन की थी। बिना मुकदमें के हम दोनों आज़ाद होकर भी उम्र भर के लिए कैद हो गए।”


“Love connects a man to his woman, money a woman to his man”

“कुछ गलतियाँ सही करते ही और भी गलत हो जाती हैं”


“यशवी ऐसे ही रोज़ नये सवालों के साथ बड़ी होने लगी और दुनिया वही सवाल सुन सुन कर बूढ़ी होने लगी”


“सवाल जो लंबे समय तक सवाल बने रहते हैं हम उनके एक-दो नकली जवाब सोच लेते हैं। जो सच नहीं होते लेकिन झूठ भी नहीं होते है। और सबसे अच्छी बात ये होती है कि इन नकली जवाबों के साथ जीना बहुत आसान हो जाता है। इसलिए शायद जो लोग सवाल के साथ घर से निकले वो कभी लौटे नहीं और जो लौटे उनके जवाब नकली थे”


“उसको वैसे ही महसूस हुआ जैसा सालों से दुनिया को होता आया है। उसमें कुछ भी नया नहीं था। ये वो मंज़िलें हैं जहाँ हर बार बस पहुँचने वाला नया होता है”


“उस दिन स्कूल की छुट्टी के बाद से ही दुनिया, प्यार क्या होता है का जवाब अपने-अपने तरीके से ख़ोज रही है और सबके पास एक readymade नकली जवाब तैयार है”


“कॉलोनियाँ इतनी बड़ी होकर भी किसी यशवी किसी कावेरी को इतनी जगह नहीं पाती जहाँ पर वो बिना किसी सवाल के साथ रह पाएँ । ये कब शुरू हुआ पता नहीं लेकिन अब सही में बड़ी छोटी कॉलोनियाँ बनती हैं और कॉलोनी एक बार को बड़ी बना भी लें लेकिन हम समाज का साइज़ छोटा ही पसंद करते हैं। इन सब के बीच समाज भी चुपचाप पड़ा रहता है बस त्योहारों पर अलग अलग कॉलोनियों से निकलकर सड़क पर उस समय के आइटम song पर नाच कर दिखा देता है कि उसका साइज़ कितना बड़ा है और लोग उसके लिए कितना पागल हैं । ऐसे कभी कभी सड़क पर निकलने से , समाज और उसमें रहने वाले लोगों दोनों को बड़ा सुकून मिलता है ।”


“। रिमोट का सबसे बड़ा फ़ायदा ही यही है कि जब भी जिस सच्चाई से मुँह मोड़ना हो, बस बटन दबा दो। सच्चाइयाँ अक्सर बहुत बोरिंग होती हैं। इसीलिए न्यूज़ चैनल वालों को सच्चाई दिखाने के लिए खबर को सनसनीखेज बनाना पड़ता है।”


“हमारे अंदर बीते हुए हम और बीते हुए साल अलग-अलग shape और size में पता नहीं कहाँ दबे पड़े रहते हैं”


“वो सभी चीजें जो केवल बालिगों के लिए होती हैं, वो सब कुछ करने के लिए बालिग होने का इंतज़ार करना दुनिया ने बंद कर दिया है”


“उन सभी दोस्तों के लिए ,
जिन्होने एक भी अच्छी चीज नहीं सिखायी,
सिवाये दोस्ती के !”


“इसके बाद न जाने कितनी ही बार तरुण और नितिन ने साथ में दारू पी लेकिन वो नौकरी लगने वाली दारू की उस बोतल के पैसे आज भी तरुण पर उधार हैं। 10 सालों में वक़्त लंबी दूरी तय कर चुका है । तरुण अब Mr.T.K.Purohit हो चुका है। शिवानी खो चुकी है । नितिन की दोस्ती हर बीतते साल के साथ कितनी बढ़ चुकी है है ये लिखा नहीं जा सकता”


“जो भी इंजीनियर एक दिन से ज़्यादा पढ़कर इम्तिहान दे वो इंजीनियर ही नकली है । जिसने भी अपने नोट्स बना के पढ़ाई की वो इंजीनियर भी नकली । लोग फालतू में ही doctors की हैंड-राइटिंग को कोसते रहते हैं । जिस इंजीनियर को सुबह का अपना लिखा हुआ शाम को समझ में आ जाए वो इंजीनियर भी नकली । इंजीन्यरिंग की असल बात यही है कि कॉलेज की लड़कियों के बनाए हुए नोट्स को एक रात में पढ़ लेना अगले दिन इम्तिहान में जाके उल्टी कर आना और एक दिन में जो भी पढ़ा था उसको इम्तिहान के 3 घंटे में लिखने के तुरंत बाद भूल जाना । अगर इससे ज्यादा टाइम तक आपको अपना पढ़ा हुआ याद रहता है तो बंदा हिंदुस्तान के किसी भी कोर्स के लिए तो फिट हो सकते हैं लेकिन इंजीन्यरिंग आपके लिए नहीं है”



“The most valuable lessons in life do not come when you are walking or running. They come when you fall down. You better take them and rise up!”


“Be determined to live in the light.”


“प्राइवेट कॉलेज जहाँ बंदा कभी चुपके से तो कभी घर वालों के प्रैशर की वजह से अपने फ़र्स्ट इयर में भी IIT-JEE का पेपर देता है और 5 point someone पढ़ते हुए ये सोचता है कि IIT में तो हुआ नहीं , जिंदगी में कभी वो no one से someone की दूरी तय भी कर पाएगा या नहीं ?”


“Don't live through the moment - live in the moment! Always intend your life!”

“ये जो and please be honest हैं न ये बार बार इसलिए बोला जाता है ताकि गलती से अगर बंदा बातों में आकार भूल गया है कि उसको सब सच बोलना है तो वो एक बार सोच ले और वही बोले जो इंटरव्यू crack करने के लिए ठीक हो । वरना ज़्यादा honest होने के जो भी फ़ायदे नुकसान हैं वो किसी से दुनिया में छुपे थोड़े हैं।”


“It's not what the universe gives us that matters. It's what we give the universe.”


“Take it from me: love has all the lasting permanence of a rainbow-beautiful while it's there, and just as likely to have disappeared by the time you blink.”


“इंजीन्यरिंग के तीन साल पूरे होते होते सबको अपनी औकात समझ में आने लगती है । कई लोगों को समझ में आ चुका होता है कि इंजीन्यरिंग उनके लिए नहीं थी”


“Are you unhappy? Ok. Being unhappy is a part of life; no big deal! Continue your life because neither unhappiness nor happiness drop anchor in your life!”

“Those who broadcast your messy failures are the same people who will telecast your mass fortunes. But this can only happen when you accept your responsibility to turn your life around!”


“कोई लड़का प्यार में कितना सफल है इसका अंदाज़ा इस बात से लगता कि वो किसी बंदी के साथ सामने वाले कैफ़ कॉफी डे में कभी बैठा है या नहीं । लड़की का सामने वाले कैफ़ कॉफी डे में बैठकर कॉफी पीने के लिए हाँ कर देने को प्यार की पहली सीढ़ी पार कर लेना माना जाता था”


“इंग्लिश का टशन अलग ही है ये तो कानपुर शहर के बहुत से parents और अपने पहलवान भाई दोनों ही मानते हैं”


“वो ज़ोर ज़ोर से हँसने लगी और जैसा की अमूमन होता है जब भी कोई लड़की हँसती है तो वो कभी अकेली नहीं होती उसकी आस-पास वाली 2-3 सहेलियाँ भी तुरंत हँसने लगती है । बात चाहे उन्हे पता हो या न हो लेकिन लड़कियों की ये साथ हँसने वाली chemistry कश्मीर से लेकर कन्याकुमारी तक कॉमन है ।”

“चिट्ठी भेजूँगी न तुम्हें , बताओगे नहीं मिश्रा जी “
जैसे ही उसने मिश्रा जी बोला ऐसा लगा मम्मी पापा से किसी चीज की जिद कर रही हो । मम्मी को जब भी अपनी कोई चीज मनवानी होती है पापा से तो वो उनको मिश्रा जी ही बोलती हैं ।”

“But you have to take control of your destiny. And sometimes that's not easy.”


“Two basic principles; reading God’s word and praying regularly.”


“IIT वालों का ऐसे तो दुनिया भर में तमाम चीजें बनाने को लेकर बड़ा नाम है लेकिन हिंदुस्तान में IIT में पढ़ने वाले वाले लड़के मुहल्ले भर के लड़के-लड़कियों को कभी motivate करने तो कभी जलील करने के काम भी आते हैं। motivate ऐसे ही कि “फलाने भईया को देखो IIT से पढ़ें हैं और अब अमरीका में dollar में लाखों कमाते हैं , तुम भी मेहनत करो और भईया जैसे बनो” और जलील ऐसे कि “मिश्रा जी के लड़के का फिर नहीं हुआ IIT में, दो साल से कोचिंग कर रहा था , कमजोर है पढ़ने में”


“हिंदुस्तान में कभी कोई प्राइवेट इंजीन्यरिंग कॉलेज में पढ़ने के लिए कोचिंग नहीं करता।”


“प्राइवेट कॉलेज जहां प्लेसमेंट के अलावा बाकी सबकुछ किसी भी अच्छे इंजीन्यरिंग कॉलेज जैसा होता है । दोस्ती छोड़कर एक भी अच्छी चीज़ न सिखाने वाले दोस्त , जिन्दगी भर साथ न छोड़ने वाले दोस्त, हॉस्टल की मैस जहां खाने की वजह बस एक होती है कि जितनी देर तक मैस खुलती है उतनी देर लड़के लड़कियों को और लड़कियां लड़कों को बेरोकटोक तड़ सकें , कॉलेज के बाहर पास वाली टपरी जहां चाय, सिगरेट और मैगी मिलती है , जिन्दगी भर याद आने वाली वो एक लड़की या बहुत सी लड़कियां।”


“One must have sensitivity of the princess and endurance of the whore.”

“कॉलेज के बाद भी कई लोग केवल इसलिए याद रह जाते हैं कि क्यूंकी उनको पूरे इंजीन्यरिंग के दौरान अपने कभी अकेले नहीं देखा होता वो हमेशा जोड़े में ही दिखते हैं”


“शुरू में दोस्ती से बेस्ट फ्रेंड तक और शुरू होने के थोड़े दिन बाद से बेस्ट फ्रेंड से प्यार की दूरी तय करते हैं और जब एक बार प्यार की मोहर लग जाती है तो प्यार से और सच्चे वाले प्यार की दूरी तय करते रहते हैं । प्यार तक की दूरी तो कई जोड़े तय कर लेते हैं लेकिन ये सच्चे प्यार वाला लेवेल आते आते फ़ाइनल इयर आ जाता है इसीलिए इंजीन्यरिंग में प्यार करना एक बात है और सच्चा प्यार करना दूसरी बात।”


“कैंटीन में दो हिस्से हैं एक तरफ जहां लड़कों वाला पूरा ग्रुप रहता है और दूसरी तरफ वाले हिस्से में अच्छा सा कोना देखकर वो couple बैठते होते हैं जो प्यार के दूसरे लेवेल पर होते हैं यानि बेस्ट फ्रेंड से प्यार वाले लेवेल पर। कैंटीन के इस हिस्से को लोग प्यार से family section बोलते हैं”


“वो प्यार के कारण अच्छी दोस्त खोना नहीं चाहता था। जब भी ये choice हो कि दोस्ती और प्यार में से एक चीज बचानी हो तो लड़के अक्सर दोस्ती को बचा लेते हैं क्यूंकी प्यार के चक्कर में दोस्ती भी नहीं बचती कई बार। तरुण ने भी यही किया उस शाम उसने शिवानी के प्यार और दोस्ती के बीच में दोस्ती को बचाना ठीक समझा।”


“We have been redeemed from darkness to the light. So we must live as people of light!”


“इंजीन्यरिंग में या इंजीन्यरिंग के बाद पहली नौकरी के इंटरव्यू का रिज़ल्ट देखकर पहली बार बंदे को समझ में आ जाता है please be honest का ये मतलब नहीं है कि झूठ नहीं बोलना है बल्कि केवल वो सच बोलने हैं जो नौकरी दिलवाने के लिए काफी है। हमारे अपने सच ,दुनिया में चलने वाले सच और इंटरव्यू में बोले जाने वाले सच में कई बार थोड़ा तो कई बार बहुत फ़र्क होता है।”


“इंजीन्यरिंग कॉलेज की ज़्यादातर love stories ऐसे ही किसी शाम सूरज के साथ ऐसे ही किसी कैंटीन के बाहर चुप चाप डूब जाती हैं। इंजीन्यरिंग के आखिरी महीने में सूरज पर love stories को साथ लेकर डूबने का लोड बढ़ता जा रहा था और वो गुस्से में रोज़ थोड़ा ज़्यादा लाल होता जा रहा था।”


“वैसे अगर देखा जाए कि IIT, NIT और प्राइवेट इंजीन्यरिंग कॉलेज में सबसे बड़ा फर्क क्या है तो वो फ़र्क होगा walk-in का । बड़े कॉलेज में कैम्पस में ही सब की नौकरी लग जाती है तो वो लोग कभी समझ नहीं पाते है असली लड़ाई असल में कैम्पस से बाहर निकलने के बाद शुरू होती है।”


“कम लोग और छोटी कंपनियाँ अक्सर वो कर दिखाते हैं जो हजारों समझदार लोगों की भीड़ नहीं कर पाती”


“I’ve come to the conclusion, that nobody really cares about each other. You have a few selected souls that genuinely do, which is why when you have good people in your life, you should cherish them as they cherish you. But in a whole, no one cares. People just want you to do well so you don’t become a burden. Our society doesn’t allow space for creativity or a break to think without a stigma attached or the constant pressure to conform. Lol, after school there’s college, then university, then you’re expected to get a job and work for the rest of your lives and then die. But what if you want to chill and take things slow, after all it’s your life. What if you want to break the mould and spend a few years finding yourself. What if you take longer than others to balance yourself. Listen, as soon as you become burden, that’s when things start to turn for the worst. Nobody caring is the biggest inspiration for you to care for yourself. It’s a hard world out there, there are hardly any hand outs without agenda’s attached, you have to make it and take it for yourself. Dog eat fucking dog.”

“Leaders lead while others live life.”

“As dogs are to bark, some people are to mock.”

“Let it rain on some days,
Let yourself shiver on some cold nights,
So when it's Spring you'll know why it was all worth going through.”

“A successful marriage was a balancing act-that was a thing everyone knew. A successful marriage was also dependent on a high tolerance for irritation.”



“Morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.”

“In the South American rainforest, there is a tribe called the Desana, who see the world as a fixed quantity of energy that flows between all creatures. Every birth must therefore engender a death, and every death brings forth another birth. This way, the energy of the world remains complete.
When they hunt for food, the Desana know the animals they kill will leave a hole in the spiritual well. But that hole will be filled, they believe, by the Desana hunters when they die. Were there no men dying, there would be no birds or fish being born. I like this idea. Morrie likes it, too. The closer he gets to goodbye, the more he seems to feel we are all creatures in the same forest. What we take, we must replenish.
"It's only fair," he says.”


“My life might not turn out to be easy I thought. I just hoped I'd turn out to be strong.”

“There is no room for me here. Why don't I pack up and go? Nothing astonishes these people. They take everything in their stride. They neither rejoice at a birth nor are saddened at a death. When they laugh they say "I ask forgiveness of God" and when they weep they say "I ask forgiveness of God". Just that. And I, what have I learnt?”


“so many people concentrate on looks, but the invisible is sacred”

“Self-interest lies behind all that men do, forming the important motive for all their actions; this rule has never deceived me”

“Lying solves nothing, Grace. Only creates problems.”


“A dangerous and treacherous path is only worth it when the desire to have courage outweighs the driving need to get to the other side.”

“There is always an Iago in every scene of life.”

“You need to grow from your mistakes, not let your mistakes grow.”

“What you have in hand may be of less essence to knowing and using what you have in hand”

“Everything is only a transition”


“If you teach how best to bite; watch out, you might as well be the first victim.”


“Your perception of life is determined by experiences you allow take its abode in your thought pattern”


“I will say it again. Ambivalence is key.
You have to care about your work but not about the result. You have to care about how good you are and good you feel, but not about how good people think you are or how good people think you look.”

“Regrets, I've had a few;
But then again, too few to mention.”

“I don't think it's about making us fall. It's about how we get up again.”

“What did you learn?”
“Letting go of my past, because it’s all soot, nothing is left
of it, if I wandered there for long I would be running in circles
in the dark, no hope, no life. And if I chose to live in those
places rebuilt from ashes, I can never get rid of the darkness
which would prevail underneath.”
“The present is my ray of hope. I could have stayed there,
complaining about the gloominess of the light, and regretting
not having turned a corner to explore a new horizon at the same
time I needed to respect that light because it was my savior from
the dark. I learnt it finally and that’s why I reached here today
and found you”


“Pain is the only pleasure in the world, this is the biggest paradox!”


“By the time the Truth comes, you'd have been a sure-shot rascal, a long-gone bastard, a life-long sinner, but an ever-humble winner.”

“People who leave their drugs in a bathroom the guests use are just asking for trouble.”


“When you embrace the darkness within, you will always live in the light.”

“As a child I would get scared with those bad dreams
now incomplete dreams haunt me!”


“You're not free, until you get rid of I-myself-me; and let enter 'That', which, the sages call "Thee".”

“Be kind, for the other is not another, but your mirrored kine.”

“ive lived so long a person,
they tamed me to be,
I spoke with care & held back the real, me.
But the time has come,
My voice will be heard.
My messages are clear
&
I'm not the same girl.
I am wild, my heart is rare
I am untameable and I dont fuckin' care
Life is too short, to live for another,
I've faced the rain, storms and thunder
And if there's one thing, I have kept in my mind
It's i am, who I am and I don't give a damn if you don't like.”

“It's not that we have more patience as we grow older, it's just that we're too tired to care about all the pointless drama”



“He will be sorry for the way he treated you,
Don't you worry about that. Focus on your growth and watch his eyes gaze in sorrow as he knows, he was the bastard that made you strong.”

“And that's that as you get older, you lose things, things you don't necessarily want to lose.”


“Life is short and unpredictable. Don't waste another minute on people, places and things that don't make you happy.”

“Fuck the ones who hurt you
Stop thinking about them,
Get on with your own life
They'll eventually come back with apologies
And you'll gladly accept them; as you keep growing with your life.”

“Love is a figment of our imagination; becoming whatever we wish it to be. We customized our feelings to control love, resembling a wind being tossed about whichever way it suits us. Love is a game for the fittest, if you are weak at heart it will destroy you, it will blemish your soul. Love is another religion with a massive following that needs faith to believe that its tangible. This phenomenal Love we hunger for has become our heaven and hell, that we've created for ourselves. Love is an expression we hope to be conceived in, however having no genuine desire to partake in its birthing process, for the reason being that we know the minute love gives birth to us; death would be the first to greet us with a kiss upon our trembling lips of hopes. In conclusion Love is a fickle little thing”

“The goal of life isn't to make lots of money. Its to make a life that means EXCLUSIVE.”

“When we're down and the momentum is stacked against us. Those are the moments when we find out what we're made of. When we learn to trust and lean on each other.”


“There is no failing or winning or losing, she says. This is life Lauren. This is love and marriage. If you stay married for a number of years and you have a happy time together and then you decide you don't want to be married anymore and you choose to go be happy with someone else or doing something else, that's not failure. That's just life. That's just how love is. How is that failure?”


“A person can learn all manner of things, no matter where he finds himself, provided his spirit is determined.”


“Lᴏᴠᴇ ɪs ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡɪɴᴅ ... Yᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ'ᴛ sᴇᴇ ɪᴛ, ʙᴜᴛ ʏᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ ғᴇᴇʟ ɪᴛ!”


“It's great if you can help others, but seriously ... don't lose YOURSELF in the process!”


“Every day we all make little MISTAKES in life, but that doesn't mean we have to pay for them for the rest of our lives.Sometimes GOOD people make BAD choices, but that doesn't mean we are BAD people...It just means we are HUMAN!”


“I am speaking from experience when I say that forgiveness offered - especially when so undeserved - cuts chains off the human heart that no other power in any universe anywhere can rattle much less break.”


“Eᴠᴇʀʏᴛʜɪɴɢ ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡᴏʀʟᴅ ɪs ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ sᴇx, ᴇxᴄᴇᴘᴛ sᴇx. Sᴇx ɪs ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ ᴘᴏᴡᴇʀ!”

“Working together for a great mission is very fulfilling!”


“Life is all about the journey.”

“While you were out JUDGING others, you left your closet door open...and guess what fell out!....Ooops”


“Everyone has that turning point in their life, whether you are going to make it or not it will come into your life nevertheless.”

“So I think I am making a bargain with death; I am cheating. I am living more than one life”

“If someone tells you a secret that doesn't belong to them, be sure that secret has been shared more than once.”

“Be who you are. If a man, be one. If woman, be so. The gender-change, behaviour or role, is a mind-made turd. As illusory as this world.”

“Pursuit of desires, divine passions.”


“Peace can be fragile and peace can be ugly and peace can be wrong. Peace built on lies is no peace at all.”

“Success makes tyrants of most of the humankind; making us forget basic courtesy, and being kind.”

“Some people will approach you , only when they need help! ‪”

“We've all felt the pain inflicted by hurtful people...Just remember it's NOT your problem so don't waste any energy stressing about it. It doesn't necessarily follow that because you are kind, others will be kind to you. Just keep moving forward and be the best you can be because the greatest impact and growth will occur wherever your FOCUS is”


“Take care with the words you speak, it's best to keep them sweet..... because you never know when you might have to eat them!”


“If you wish to be part of my life, the door is always open.The door remains open if you choose to leave..but don't just hover in the doorway with indecision because you're blocking the traffic!”


“There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.”

“What if...what if...what if...I play the What If? game all the time. But it's rigged, is the thing. Impossible to win. Asking What If? can only lead to Maybe Things Could Have Been Different, via Was It My Fault?”



“Life is an opportunity to bloom the flowers of love.”


“When you are worried about thinking why you can't, you are losing the reasons why you should.”

“A hyphen can bring you from nowhere to now-here. That hyphen is will-power, in fact.”

“It takes life to transform nightmares into dreams.”

“Don’t be discouraged by life’s difficulties. With hope and determination, you can triumph over any difficulties.”


“Pursue your passion and live your best life.”


“Nᴏʙᴏᴅʏ ᴅɪᴇs ᴀ ᴠɪʀɢɪɴ ... Lɪғᴇ ғᴜᴄᴋs ᴜs ᴀʟʟ!”

“Failure is a sign post, directing the right road for life’s journey.”


“Ask any dreamer, it's not an easy road,
But to them; they never questioned, what they'd always known.”

“Life lessons are not journeys traveled in straight lines but are crossroads
formed years and miles apart.”


“If you are investing time, money, energy to develop yourself at present and that would be the huge profit ever in future.”

“Life without dreaming is like living without meaning.”

“You have no control over what happens to you! You can only pray for grace and strength to endure any situation.”


“…I wanted to remove,
my diamond earrings,
for I felt they were,
weighing a little heavy.
I wanted to remove my heels,
for I felt they were,
taking me a little,
above the ground,
than I needed to be.
I wanted to,
throw away my blazer,
for it was too much,
of a thick layer,
to what I am deep inside.”
(Poem- Unambitious, Book- Ginger and Honey)”

“Problems, Troubles, Difficulty, Barrier, Hurdle, Stumbling Block, Termination, Set Backs, Obstacles are the Doors to Opportunities." Make a use of it:-)”

“Life is like a Chinese Bamboo tree, be patience, be persistence and be positive in your action one day it's goes high and make sure it's worth watching.”

“What if...what if...what if...I play the What If? game all the time. But it's rigged, is the thing. Impossible to win. Asking What If? can only lead to Maybe Things Could Have Been Different, via Was It My Fault?”

“A volte, pensò, la vita ti fa crescere prima del tempo. E certe persone non crescono mai”


“Don't let the colons end in a full stop.”

“If you can't be an author, be a book”

“Leaders must have splendid flavour of pretending for contending situations.”

“Time imparts tougher skin to the weakest and toughest to the weaker.”

“If you fall still stand your ground and strive for that new start.”

“Life is the art from our inner feeling.”

“Msabu's bleeding. She does not have this ox. This lion is hungry. He does not have this ox. This wagon is heavy. It doesn't have this ox. God is happy, msabu. He plays with us.”

“It is all about a prefix we burn the candle of life for.”

“Every choice you make is have an end result and your are the only responsible for whatever the result is.”

“However, if you're cursed as I am with a love of storytelling and adventures in galaxies far, far away, and mythical creatures from fictional lands who are more real to you than actual people with blood and bones---which is to say, people who exist---well, let me be the first to pass on my condolences.
Because life is rarely what you imagined it would be.”

“Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not.”



“Rather than crying & craving for those who left our path during dark moments of our life, lets spend some time to thank them who stood and helped us to pass those dark paths.”

“There's something beautiful about facing tragedy, you crack open a new, you find yourself in the parts of you; that can finally be explored freely with out judgement or guilt. Where to from here doesn't exist & your not sure when it will return, but there's something beautiful in facing tragedy, a new type of being within you is born and one whom is more fearless than ever before.”

“I learnt my best lessons from some of the worst people & I look back now and think thank fuck I let you go, I deserved to grow.”

“Let go of your disappointments, mistakes and failures.
May you find complete healing, renewed spiritual strength and courage to begin again.”


“You could say that life just happens and it's the way it goes, you either accept it or you fight it...
Or
You can be one of the few that rises above this perception and fights in all their glory to create the life they want, regardless of the struggle.
Who do you want to be? Someone to remember or someone easy to forget...”

“It's a nice feeling,
Knowing,
Someone lived easier
Because I was alive.”

“We must be conscious of this; one day, the life we have, will be gone.”


“life - your gunna meet some two faced people, some bosses that make your soul cringe, some places you wished you'd never walked into... But then you'll grow, you'll learn that your gut instinct isn't nieve, your boss can ' fuck it' because your dreams are more important and the places you walked into unaware of chaos, will bring you to places of perfect peace. Hold on, the struggle won't last forever.”

“When we are young, we want to be old and for things to change.
When we are old, we want to be young and for things to go back to the way they were.”


“Your voice is yours, how dare you let another speak for you.
Your heart is yours, how dare you give it away, so freely to another you hardly know.
Your soul is yours, how dare you ignore its instinctual truth.
Your mind is yours, don't let the world make it negative.
You are the master of your fate, you are the creator of your destiny, don't hand the keys to anyone, rather open the door and welcome them to taste your paradise within.”

“Trust me on this one, nothing good ever
comes from bad weather.”


“When you cut the cords on the safety net and walk out on the highwire, you become yourself and become all that you can be and all that you were meant to be. But first, you must cut the cords.”


“A quiet soul, peaceful life”


“Not all of your foes will appear in their true form. You must learn to trust your instincts.”


“Need is what tears people apart. When you want someone, you never really need them. But as soon as you start need someone, they no longer want you.”

“When you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear.”

“The world is a palace without bedsheets”

“There are always two voices in our heads, the good and the bad. The tricky part is to figure out which one of them is doing the talking.”

“i wanted to be apart of the karma, that fed those whom have hurt me.. Than I realised, being apart of their karma is not a way to be free,
so I let go with the belief;
that, They chose the deed,
& karma knows where their true intentions lead.”

“A new day is a new beginning,
a new life to live!”


“My head phones always allow me to listen to myself”

“The birth of a child is a sacred phenomenon.”


“No moment is too small to claim. Strung together, moments fashion a life.”


“The saddest thing about betrayal is
that it never comes from your enemies.”

“Our Reality will Never Visioned By Others, Because Environment or Surroundings Modulate or Hide It. Self Realization is Very Important.”

“When others repulse you, it’s a definite message from God that "He/She" will pave a way for you even when there seems none.”

“Life is a game. We must keep playing the game. The more we play, the more we will understand the game of life.”


“Inside and outside of every experience is an infinite amount of sensations, feelings, thoughts, and emotions, each having their own variation of depth and breadth, each one dependent on each person’s own personality, life experiences, and the stress we faced just prior to each moment in time when we are called upon to make a choice.”

“Daily walk in nature brings tranquility to one’s life.”


“I thought of all my sickness, all my anger, all my fear. All that was just the darkness, just the storm. I got lost in it. But there's always the other side of the storm. And the people who get you there.”



“You know you're in a good place when you no longer are interested in looking back. You prefer to enjoy the journey.”

“If you Fail, Never Give Up because, F.A.I.L means "First Attempt In Learning".”

“Get busy living or get busy trying. Life will move forward with or without you. The question is; will you move forward in life without yourself?”

“How the things that hold us are only as strong as the faith we have in them-you go on the bridge because you trust it will not fall the fingers will clasp because we trust them to.”


“Get busy living or get busy trying. Life will move forward with or without you. The question is, 'will you move forward in life without yourself?”

“i choose to focus my energy on what I believe deserves my time, life passes us by so quickly and before we know it; were looking back at our story, make sure the choices you decide on; will give you a movie worth watching.”

“Collect moments not things.”

“Don't just write a "To Do" list. Write a "To Be" list.”

“If you get NO as an answer, remember, N.O means Next Opportunity.”

“If you have never failed, then you have not known life.”


“END is not the END, in fact, E.N.D means Effort Never Dies.”

“If you Fail, Never Give Up because, F.A.I.L means First Attempt In Learning.”

“Get busy living or get busy trying. Life will move forward with or without you. The question is, 'will you move forward in life without yourself?”

“Never go shopping for kiwis in a shoe store.”


“The wisdom from failure is greater than the arrogance of success.”

“You want it to be easy?
But if it was easy, everyone
Would be doing it..
And if everyone is doing it?
Why do you want to be the same...
Trust that the struggle you face
Is your path to success
& remember
If it's easy, it's not worth it.”

“People never change , they just get tired of being themselves and bring on a different persona to either benefit them or not”

“The smallest of things always matter”

“Look through them , to really know them”

“If you get NO as an answer, remember, N.O means "Next Opportunity".”

“لا أخشى على نفسي من أحد بقدر ما أخشر على نفسي من داتي”

“The heart knows nothing except its own mind.”


“In our breath lies not only the gift of life, but also the basis of all resolutions, ideas, and infinite audacity.”

“One thing is certain in life - it's all uncertain.”

“Great literature makes a great life.”


“I sat and reflected on the situation I had faced
I needed answers to the questions I still, didnt have the courage to ask...
But I need to know,
How was this to be apart of my destiny?”

“Masters of flight don't learn to fly because of all that helped them, they learnt to fly, despite all that tried to stop them.”

“We should live our lives Christ was coming this afternoon!”

“Do I have anything to lose? This life will be gone one day to the Creator who gave it.”


“All things which greatly hurt me greatly teach me”

“Even in the midst of the storm the sun is still shining.”

“.....the only sound was of the crickets, and the glittering speckled of stars on the night sky as witness of her biggest mistake, the night when it changed her life forever.”



“I’d wish it were easier to not allow other people’s pasts to create my own present.”


“The storm you face is your teacher. The experience you gain is your lesson. The life you make from it all is your blessing. Always remember, the teacher teaches a lesson that becomes a blessing. Embrace the storm and watch your life change as you utilize the lesson. Your better days lie ahead...just hold on!”

“I had no idea that I was…destroying people.”

“Remember. It's called a soulmate. Not an egomate. Not a walletmate. Not a lustmate.”

“Even when life knocks me around,
I will not lose hope.
For you see, nothing is ever personal
Just a chance for me to grow.”

“Many people die long before their departure date,
Through ignorance of living a life they never wanted to be apart of but are to scared to change.”

“Moving on is not like a birthday, you can’t count down the hours ‘til it arrives and you can’t mark it on a calendar and you can’t call up your friends to help you celebrate. You can’t plan for it and you can’t conclude it by blowing out a candle. When moving on happens there will be no announcements, no notifications, no congratulations. There will be no parade; only you will know.”

“We all have freedom of choice. Over and over again, minute by minute. How will you live your life? For yourself Or for others? For something good? For love?”


“Until you go and grow ‎MAD‬ with and in your true passion and purpose, you cannot enter the realm of meteority which is enemical to mediocrity.”

“ I realised that life had changed us both. But somehow, instead of heading into the same direction, we were rapidly diverging from a common point, until the link between us was fast fading away.”

“Step into my shoes follow my journey my mountains my valleys my surprise potholes and if you can keep going the way I keep going perhaps you'll understand my choices & strength.”

“Sometimes, we only truly find ourselves when we have lost ourselves first.”

“Life is an unfinished art, few master it, most just bark.”

“We only live once, so why not do something different?”

“Sometimes you can’t prevent things from happening, and once they’re done, you can’t change the past. There is a way to deal with the pain, though, because you always control your response. You cry, if you need to. You hurt for a while. But then you look for a way to make a difference.”

“carry your wounds with pride,
Believe in yourself;
amongst greatest of catastrophe'
You grew into the being you are
And I think that in itself,
is certainly enough.”

“Get married because you can’t imagine another day without talking with that person, because that person makes your day sunnier. Don’t get married because you don’t want to be alone.”


“We aren't who we want to be. We are what society demands. We are what our parents choose. We don't want to disappoint anyone; we have a great need to be loved. So we smother the best in us. Gradually, the light of our dreams turns into the monster of our nightmares. They become things not done, possibilities not lived.”


“If you help someones bank account rise
But you can't help their heart feel...
Really, what is your value?”

“I am sure when Cinderella went to that ball, she took a great deal more pleasure in outsmarting her stepmother than in the carriage and the ball dress and the glass slippers.”


“But is
has
happened, you know. Bear that in mind. Nothing you can do will change it. Time and again, I've found that a good thing to remember.”

“Kohi Insaan Bura Nahi Hota, Uske Haalat Use Bura Banate Hai.”


“believe in small things, because only there your strength lies .”

“Walk tall but don't bang your head on low hanging branches.”

“Today I tried to pick up something I was standing on. It didn't work out well.”

“i see the sky as beautiful,
Regardless of its shine
Because I wake each day grateful,
That I get another chance to be alive.”

“Seeds strive to become plants by forcing their way through the soil. We can learn from this and push through the struggles we face in life. If they can survive, we can do much more. Keep pushing and pressing forward. Your best is yet to come!”

“Sometimes, the people that love you the most turn out to be the people you will trust the least.”

“Some people walk into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts. Others walk into our lives and we want to leave footprints on their face!”

“The older I get the less I care what other people think of me. Therefore the older I get the more I enjoy life.”

“Without living, there will be no learning. Without learning, there will be no growth. Without growth, there will be no change. The only way you learn is by trying. You may make mistakes but you have to remember that doing so will lead to change. Be willing to learn from experiences, grow and live to become better not bitter.”

“And the ultimate question remains, To live, is it a blessing or the punishment itself ?”

“Your journey is completely yours. It is unique. Others may try to steal part of it, tell it in their words or shape it to suit them. Reality is no one can live it or own it but you. Take charge of your journey, it's yours and yours alone!”

“You know what I like about Time. Times heals everything. As Time passes you don't feel the hurt as much as you use to. The pain has become so light you forget it was even there.
See Time heals everything. Give yourself Time and you will see Happier Days.”

“Attitude-flexibility is the mentality that helps us to smoothly persevere through turbulent times”

“Without failing at one thing, there won't be an opportunity to try again, learn and grow. Life isn't static but dynamic. Learn to embrace whatever situation you may face and strive to overcome. Believe in yourself, knowing your best is yet to come.”

“I am not the #Prisoner of my #Past neither the #Slave for my #Future !!”

“We must bend with change, or we will break.”



“We have to accept that there are certain things in our life that are inescapable. These are the things that come natural to us and are necessary to our existence.”

“no-one would want to go through a traumatic experience but when you’ve survived something life-shattering and risen above it, you achieve a kind of serenity.”


“At the end of the day, what matters most is not what tore you apart but the love than binds and heals your heart.”

“God cares. He will supply all your needs.”


“The pain you endure today will lead to a better tomorrow. Don't dwell so much on the pain but focus on the lessons learned. There in lies your strength to rise above all odds. Your best is yet to come.”

“Without adversity, we never find who we are.”


“What I had to say to you, moreover, would not take long, to wit: Practice any art, music, singing, dancing, acting, drawing, painting, sculpting, poetry, fiction, essays, reportage, no matter how well or badly, not to get money and fame, but to experience becoming, to find out what’s inside you, to make your soul grow.
Seriously! I mean starting right now, do art and do it for the rest of your lives….
You have experienced becoming, learned a lot more about what’s inside you, and you have made your soul grow.”

“Humanism is my Religion, Good is my adoption , Bad is my Elimination, Acceptance is my Decision, Love is My Gift , Relation is my Affection ,Truth is My Strength, Help Is My Credit , Knowledge is My Treasure”

“In time we all search for something to ease the confusion. Some find hope in a bottle and some find hope in a heart,
we are not to judge,
for we have never walked their path.”

“Don't take life so seriously. It's not like you're gonna get out alive anyway.”

“it was always something what we did or said, and there would be this flash, and then it didn't subside. all your past sins would be brought up, it was just endless. and my mother attributed it sometimes to having neuralgia, but she never showed that outwardly”

“I don't forgive people, but I don't let them bother me either!”

“Nothing in life is easy. If it hurts, It's because you're on the right way.”

“Love is one of life’s greatest pleasures, as it is one of life’s greatest perils.”


“रिश्ते बड़े बदनसीब होते हैं , इंसान की गलतियों का बोझ हमेशा उनके ही कंधों पर आता है”

“We spent all your life for things and not dedicate the things that await us.”

“Sometime a #lie is more #honest than the #truth . At least that lie will guide you to the #path you really believe TO walk" It tells , who U R”

“When we are unable to shine that natural light within, it burns us from our very core.”

“Un uomo di suo gusto [...] doveva tenere lo sguardo alto, in modo da poter vedere il più lontano possibile al di là del proprio pezzetto di terra”

“The splendid thing
about falling apart
silently...
is that
you can start over
as many times
as you like.”



“Sometimes, though, we let ourselves get so used to being 'fine' that we lose track of how 'not fine' we are.”


“Many people will never learn the lessons meant for them in this lifetime, nor become the person they were meant to be, simply because they are too busy being someone else.”


“Some people are born to survive. No matter what comes their way, no matter how much pain is dealt them, they live." ~Mercy~”


“when you pick a flower, you become so besotted in its beauty; you dare not judge how it became that way, let it be the same lesson for humans; Spread your light, not your pain.”

“But no one else can save you, not really. Not from yourself.”


“Be kind to all the people you meet on your journey.”


“See every situation as a BLOT i.e. everything that comes your way is either a Blessing, Lesson, Opportunity, or a Test.”

“You are only earning the life you get when your inaction allows people to decide for you.”

“And I suddenly understand what to do when bad things come. You don't hide, you don't look away; you get right up on them, you take the reins and you ride.”


“In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.”


“blessed are those who can find light in dark places, courageous enough to feel when it's time to reflect & hopeful enough to believe when all seems impossible. We don't have enough pioneers like this, and I wonder if it's because they were afraid to live and afraid to learn?”

“When I was a child, I thought like a child.
When I became adult, I seek a deeper understanding of life.”


“Arise! Arise! Arise and shine!
May Christ message of eternal life fill your heart with everlasting love, hope, happiness and new dreams.”


“Life is like a book. The first chapter you read is always exciting and new. You don't want it to end. But it does. The next chapter takes you further into the book of life.
Different story than the last. But the most important thing you realize that each chapter you read has its own outcome.
The book of life never ends. Only the chapters do.”

“Life is too minuscule to waste any proportion of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the introductory place, if they had desirable things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself. That is why the forlorn people on this planet, are those who circumspect the most about what other people think.”

“You have got what it takes to live your dreams.”


“In order to fulfill our wants we get busy to make our living comfortable and we forget about our needs, and we make our life uncomfortable. So, add " life " in our living.”

“It maybe comfortable to let people take decisions for you , but only you who will have to deal with the results”

“Life is like the end of a pendulum. Swinging back and fourth in a Clock. Where the bottom is always heavy and swings wide. It moves time.
The top stays in one place. Doesn't move anything.
You want to be the bottom of the pendulum and swing back and fourth moving time, making things happen in your life.”

“Heroes are dead.”


“Nothing in life or love slipped easily into the tidy little box of his expectations.”


“Struggles and challenges are ordinary, it's how you deal with them that can make you extraordinary.”


“Life is about putting on hats. You have to know which ones you wear best.”


“Medicine is not a book but mind, not a business but life”

“Be thankful for the simple things and God's love and you will never be disappointed when life gets hard.”


“There is life or death in words.”

“Life itself is sacred.”


“Work passionately.”


“We often misunderstood between having good number of friends and having number of good friends.”

“Take that chance :
even though this is hard, you'll get it in a peace.
Leave that chance :
i know it's easy, but you will always walk in regret”

“الحقيقة كقمة جبلية يسعى الناس جاهدين للوصول إليها ظانّين أن المنظر سيكون خلّابًا من فوق غير عالمين أنهم كلما صعدوا نحو القمة ازدادت الغيوم وتكاثف الضباب ولم يبقَ غير البرد والألم الذي يغزو خلايا الجسم. لكن يجب أن نواجه الحقيقة.. الحقيقة مؤلمة”



“It's hard to walk a straight line when you have nothing to hold onto”

“You get one chance.
You get to do this thing one time and you don’t even know when it goes from swirling forward and around and around in circles to just a plain cold stop and nothing more. Can you believe it? All this time I’ve spent weighing this and weighing that, worrying about this and worrying about that, living back then and living forward, caring about what so-and-so thinks and about so-and-so, too, but never living here, here, this moment here. Never even acknowledging that this moment even exists, and it hits me, like a live volt through the chest.
This moment here.
This is all you get.
Before you are part of the sky”


“Often, our relationships become an unrealized quest for what is perfect, unfettered, and free of flaws. We expect our partners, spouses, and our friends to avoid missteps and to be magical mind readers. These secret expectations play a sinister part in many of the great tragedies of our lives: failed marriages, dissipated dreams, abandoned careers, outcast family, deserted children, and discarded friendships.
We readily forget what we once knew as children: our flaws are not only natural but integral to our beings. They are interwoven into our soul’s DNA and yet we continually reject the crooked, wrinkled, mushy parts of our life rather than embrace them as the very essence of our beings.
I once believed that aiming for perfection would land me in the realm of excellence. This, however, may not be the trajectory of how things happen. In fact, the pursuit of perfection may be the biggest obstacle to becoming whole.
It seems essential to value hard work and determination and yet recognize that the road to excellence is littered with mistakes and subsequent lessons. Imperfection and excellence are intertwined. There is joy in our pain, strength in weakness, courage in compassion, and power in forgiveness.”

“Living a lie is painful, and doesn’t do anyone any good. I had to be true to myself, because, either way, God would know if I was lying.”


“This house is just a thing .... On your love list, always put the beating hearts at the top.”


“Even the most difficult things lead us where we need to go. It just isn’t always where we thought we were headed.”


“I realized that Romeo and Juliet meet and fall in love and get married and die in three days, which is like a super-condensed version of what happens to most people over their whole life. One way or the other, you end up losing the person, but you still are happy that you loved them. I mean, Uncle Dub wouldn't have wished that he had never met Aunt Zinnia, just because he knew that one day she wouldn't be in his life anymore.”


“တြယ္ျငိခ်င္လွ်င္ နာက်င္တတ္ေသာ ရုပ္ကို မရွာေလႏွင့္၊ အာရံုကို နားမလည္သည့္ စိမ္းျမေသာအေၾကာရွိသည့္ သစ္ပင္ပန္းရြက္၌သာ နားခိုပါေခ်။”


“There are all degrees of proficiency in the use men make of this instructive world where we are boarded and schooled and apprenticed. It is sufficient to our present purpose to indicate three degrees of progress.
One class lives to the utility of the symbol, as the majority of men do, regarding health and wealth as the chief good. Another class live about this mark to the beauty of the symbol; as the poet and artist and the sensual school in philosophy. A third class live above the beauty of the symbol to the beauty of the thing signified and these are wise men. The first class have common sense; the second, taste; and the third spiritual perception.
I see in society the neophytes of all these classes, the class especially of young men who in their best knowledge of the sign have a misgiving that there is yet an unattained substance and they grope and sigh and aspire long in dissatisfaction, the sand-blind adorers of the symbol meantime chirping and scoffing and trampling them down. I see moreover that the perfect man - one to a millennium - if so many, traverses the whole scale and sees and enjoys the symbol solidly; then also has a clear eye for its beauty; and lastly wears it lightly as a robe which he can easily throw off, for he sees the reality and divine splendor of the inmost nature bursting through each chink and cranny.”


“Have the hindsight to know where you've been, the foresight to know where you're going, and the insight to know when you're going too far”

“I don't live to work. I work to live. Before I die I know I lived.”

“Rather than idolizing perfection, we must choose to cherish what is real. To truly live is to love deeply, to get messy, to sometimes get hurt, and to stumble and fall. It is worth it. The alternative of living a life barren of these things in the pursuit of perfection would be tragically uninteresting.”

“Somewhere, incredible things are happening. The trick is, not to go out and find where those things are happening, but to go out and make them happen.”


“Life is game. Never fear to play the game.”


“Its easy to lie, but hard to confess”

“ခ်စ္ျခင္းေမတၱာဆိုသည္မွာ အက်ိဳးနပ္သည္ျဖစ္ေစ မနပ္သည္ျဖစ္ေစ၊ လူ႕ဘဝကိုေတာ့ အဓိပၸာယ္ရွိေစသည္။”


“Life is to be felt not to be understood.”

“its odd to be a writer, you hear someone's experience and you stash it away in some tiny part of your memory and you go on your way again, only to find; in a few lived through chapters of your story a piece of their puzzle became your pathway to hope and you create words from it, like your mind creates some kind of magic. 'Yeah, it's odd being a writer.”

“Nothing in life is a foregone conclusion unless and until it is foregone and concluded”

“He who didn't succeed at his own dreams, was too busy listening to another's failures.”

“The lessons of impermanence taught me this: loss constitutes an odd kind of fullness; despair empties out into an unquenchable appetite for life.”


“I would rather have a good education and no money, than to have a fortune and be ignorant.”

“There are all kinds of things we have to deal with in life,' Eri finally said. 'And one thing always seems to connect with another. You try to solve one problem, only to find that another one you hadn't anticipated arises instead. It's not that easy to get free of them. That's true for you - and for me, too.”

“It just takes one serious thought to change a person, either to one he always wanted to be or into one he never wished to be.”

“goddamn it; speak your mind whether the truth will hurt, feel deeply regardless of the pain you fear, do accordingly in seek of your dreams whilst including the uphill struggles... Life isn't a a fairytale but it is if you make it one.”

“You can buy canned pumpkin puree or cut up a fresh pumpkin into chunks, steam it until it is tender, and puree the f*ck out of it until you have 1 1/2 cups. If you try to make this chili with pumpkin pie filling, don't complain about how f*cked up it tastes. You did that dumb sh*t yourself.”

“I never wanted a too die for house, or a too die for car. I always wanted a too die for life.
If you were to die tomorrow would you feel like you did everything you wanted to? Loved everyone and meant it? Lived with honesty and integrity? Stood up for what you believed in? Did you work to live or did you live to work? Those that hurt you or upset you did you try to work it out? Did you still love them from a distance even if they hurt you so bad? If not work to change and make it right before it's too late.
Remember the house, the car, the money and the material possessions you can't take with you when your gone. All you have is YOU and what YOU were about. Remember that.”

“Non puoi vedere un paesaggio se ci sei dentro, ma solo nel momento in cui ti allontani”


“You'll reach a comfort zone in your life and start to wonder how you got there, how did you miss the sign posts that directed your real inner truth? Don't feel so guilty, you know when your meant to know and I guess that's the thing they don't teach you; when growing up, pain is inevitable but staying the same is a choice. Don't question why your feeling ready for something new, question why you stayed the same for so long.”

“The failures and disappointment we sometimes encounter should never stop us from trying again. The lessons are valuable for what lies ahead.”



“Wrinkles ? Why all the fuss ? Think of them as lines of distinction; marks of maturity.”


“The circumstances surrounding your birth are not as important as the opportunity to live life.”


“We're all a little broken, it's how we feed our brokenness that defines us; some you wouldn't believe ever broke and some you will see never grew through the break but one thing certain, everyone is a little broken, it's how we feed our brokenness that defines us.”

“When people say "you've changed", what they actually mean is that they don't like the fact at all that you've stopped tolerating their bullshit.”

“Stop living in the shadows of another. You've been given everything needed to live a purposed filled life. Don't be a second rate version of yourself.”


“Sometimes you might miss that person, sometimes you'll feel like running back to them... sometimes you'll suffer from unbearable pain but sometimes you have to forget what you feel. And simply remember what you deserve, smile and move on!”

“She always had that about her, the sparkle in her eye, she was unshakeable and what made her so admirable was; her ability to shine bright when no one knew of her pain.”

“There isn't much art to writing, you just feel; feel everything deeply and somehow transform your lessons into a magical piece of work that will help someone else's heartache.”

“We all think we understand each other,' Kin heard Silver say. 'We eat together, we trade, many of us pride ourselves on having alien friends - but all this is only possible, only possible, Kin, because we do not fully comprehend the other. You've studied Earth history. Do you think you could understand the workings of of the mind of a Japanese warrior a thousand years ago? But he is as a twin to you compared with Marco, or with myself. When we use the word "cosmopolitan" we use it too lightly - it's flippant, it means we're galactic tourists who communicate in superficialities. We don't comprehend. Different worlds, Kin. Different anvils of gravity and radiation and evolution.”


“You live your life never once thinking that when you walk away from a friend or loved one, you might never see him again”

“Some people are afraid of what they might find if they try to analyze themselves too much, but you have to crawl into your wounds to discover where your fears are. Once the bleeding starts, the cleansing can begin.”

“Whatever you choose to do with your time on earth, do it passionately, follow the voice of your soul and don't focus some much on being interested in life, but being the interesting one full of life.”

“The circumstances surrounding your birth is not as important as the opportunity to live life.”


“Stop listening to people who don’t experience happiness, success, peace, and fulfillment themselves. Don't let them tell you what is right and wrong!”


“May our lives and gentle spirit be evident to all that we are members of God's family.”


“We can only live life when we understand life.”


“In ev'ry life there comes a winter bleak
That, in it, never yet seems life to come
And on each heart such desolation wreak
That even light from Heaven seems succumb'.
But, even as in year, doth follow Spring
As ever hath it, through all Ages past
Yet so in life a joy again will ring
And light and love will come again at last.”


“Never wear a shoe that doesn't fits you.”

“people give themselves away so freely, and we can't be lesser to them for this, we've all experienced density in which we've honoured another's journey before our own, and they too, like us will start to believe that they hold a rare infectious gift by being their 100% self. When they realise this, they won't waste another moment giving away apart of them they fought so hard to find.”

“Life is not trying to entertain us, it's trying to teach us.”

“A chastity device won't put out the flames of burning flesh.
The Ultimate Guide to Chastity
Removing the Iron Panties”

“Run after lost time,
is the same as running without even
know the route.”

“He seemed never to have acquired a skill that we all need: the ability to make another person worry about us.”

“We all think we understand each other,' Kin heard Silver say. 'We eat together, we trade, many of us pride ourselves on having alien friends - but all this is only possible, only possible, Kin, because we do not fully comprehend the other. You've studied Earth history. Do you think you could understand the workings of of the mind of a Japanese warrior a thousand years ago? But he is as a twin to you compare with Marco, or with myself. When we use the word "cosmopolitan" we use it too lightly - it's flippant, it means we're galactic tourists who communicate in superficialities. We don't comprehend. Different worlds, Kin. Different anvils of gravity and radiation and evolution.”

“To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live.”

“When someone does
The wrong thing
Observe them as truth
Questions their actions...
Those whom carry a selfish
Persona will never own their truthful faults,
But the one's of light will fight
To make their wrongs; right.”

“Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will. But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all”


“It’s not a bad thing, if you’re responsible about it. Just don’t start having boyfriends. Wait until you’ve found your husband.”
“And how am I supposed to find a husband if I can’t have a boyfriend until then?” I asked ironically.”


“I am longer living my life according to another's opinion. If you hurt me expect to be forgiven and forgotten, if you show me apart of your ego; I'll feed it soul as I walk away, if you show me what I'm lacking, I'll teach you how to fix it within yourself. I live my life to the drum of my own melody and some won't agree with it, but im not living to make the critics happy.”



“By seeing how small the world is, I realize how capable I am. I can conquer anything. Anywhere. Anyone.”

“Preparation position you for prosperity.”

“From good examples we learn how to be. From bad examples we learn how
not
to be. An observant and willing student can learn from any circumstance.”


“The gift of life, gives you the greatest opportunity to live and chance to rise above any situation. With hopeful attitude you can overcome any struggle.”


“জীবনে যত মানুষ দেখলাম—মানুষই দেখেছি আমি, মানুষ খুঁজে বেড়িয়েছি, দেখেছি প্রতিটি মানুষের মধ্যেই কখনো-না-কখনো এমনি এক-একটি বা এমনি কয়েকটি বিচিত্র বিকাশ হয়, যা মনে করিয়ে দেয়, বুঝিয়ে দেয় তারও মধ্যে আছে সুন্দর বা মধুরের একটি প্রবাহ; সে শুধুই বালুচর নয়, হঠাৎ একদিন বালুচর ভেদ করে উৎসারিত হয় মধুরের একটি নির্ঝর। প্রতিটি- প্রতিটি মানুষের মধ্যেই হয়।”

“Niemand schien zu merken, daß er, indem er Zeit sparte, in Wirklichkeit etwas ganz anderes sparte. Keiner wollte wahr haben, daß sein Leben immer ärmer, immer gleichförmiger und immer kälter wurde. [...] Aber Zeit ist Leben. Und das Leben wohnt im Herzen. Und je mehr die Menschen daran sparten, desto weniger hatten sie.”

“If you live everyday, with the capacity to stretch yourself past limitation and structure, you will find boundless opportunity is all the places that once scared you.”

“You will give to those whom don't appreciate you, until you've had enough of accepting less than you deserve”

“You can be as miserable or angry about anything as much as you want, end of the day getting emotional will not solve any of your problems. The only thing you can do is keep moving forward because whether or not you are ready, life will always go on with or without you.”

“Step back in perspective, open your heart and welcome transition into a new phase of life.”

“The day of birth is day of life.”


“Fight your fears with fierce and your life becomes fabulous.”

“Ognuno di noi porta sempre con sè ciò che è stato, le persone che eravamo sono come strati cresciuti uno sopra l'altro”


“The gift of the moments and its lessons prepares us for a better tomorrow.”


“Life is short. Clarifying your purpose may be the biggest time-saver in your life's work.”


“Trova il tuo stile con coraggio, perché bisogna essere coraggiosi quando si corre da soli”


“I've learned one thing about life. There are so many chapters. Where one chapter ends another one begins. The book is never finished.
And I love reading.”

“Life is strictly coded with happiness & sorrow
We can't make it work properly without one”

“I ricordi più preziosi, al pari degli oggetti delicati, rischiano di sciuparsi se li si maneggia troppo”


“Were all trying to find meaning to make sense of our realities; in search of happiness within,
Without realising our happiness within; is the only reality that gives life a meaning.”

“Every day were reborn.”


“Time is life.Take time to plan your life.”


“We're teaching the wrong things. And you have to be strong enough to say if the culture doesn't work, don't buy it. Create your own.”


“Best way to clear the air is to have it all out in the open.”

“I had always been an atheist until I met Lenny. He was too wonderously complex and good for there to be no benevolent and intelligent force behind our marvelous cosmos. Lenny gave me the actual proof my fiercely skeptical mind had always demanded. Not some logical, 37-step proof of God's existence. It was a personal proof. And it was irrefutable.”


“At one point, I began to think that I had a divine doorman. Lenny was the most unlikely incarnation of God I could imagine, and yet, I kept drifting irresistibly towards this absurd conclusion. Despite my staunchly atheistic inclinations, I couldn't explain Lenny any other way. But eventually I came to my senses and realized that he was just one of those game show freaks with an encyclopedic memory. That didn't make him God, did it? Would God proclaim so regularly how much he likes Patsy's Pizza?”


“Philosophy defines our world. I see my life in terms of great words.”


“Life is much more than money.”


“Life is like a rushing river. If we fight the current we are drawn under and drown in emotion.”

“You are not broken.
Someone who did not love you,
convinced you, you are...”

“if by chance I fall; I'll learn what I had to, get up, stand up and live the rest of my life.”

“If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.”

“Always doubtful is the one who always looks for certainty.”

“Life, as I’ve learned, fails to be a concrete, concise package that can easily be wrapped up and contained. Life is full of messy, unpredictable circumstances that test not only our characters, but the people around us as well. Our choices are not always about choosing between right and wrong, good or bad. They are sometimes about following the path that you simply have to follow, for one reason or another.”



“but darling if he loved you, would he want to see you cry?”


“الزواج رحلة خلال الحياة .. وكل من المرأة والرجل يشترك في هذة الرحلة بذوقه الخاص الذي كونه قبل الزواج ومن المحتمل ألا تتفق هذه الأذواق في كل شئ .. أو حتى تتشابه ولكن القليل من المرح والحب يكفي لذوبان كل الخلافات بينهما .. ويصبح التفاهم هو سيد الموقف”


“Work for what you want, the pursuit of life.”


“You never get anywhere until you figure out the difference between passion and compassion.”


“We are the generation capable of doing many things at once, without enjoying any of them..”

“Gossip is the sound of jealously.”

“WHen you love someone you love them from inside not from the outside if you do that then you will get your perfect match and have a perfect life
so choose wisely.”

“This is my life.
This is my calling.”


“We too can repair our cracks with gold
And glow again.
Crazed by life,
More beautiful than ever before.”

“It's not in the life, it's in the living.”

“You don't want to return to the life you had before Stanford, and you don’t know if you can remain in this life any longer, but fear should never be the reason why you change. If you're only here because you're afraid of the old way of life, you'll never pay attention and open your soul to learn about the new way. You'll be too busy looking back over your shoulder to make sure the old life isn't creeping up on you.”


“Give a reason for your existence and make a life out of it.”

“Other people’s lives seem better than yours because you’re comparing their director’s cuts with your behind the scenes.”

“Progression and regression go hand in hand with mental health. It is a tough illness. You often take one step forward and ten steps back.”


“i walked into a dark road that has beautiful poisonous flowers.”

“We're victims of our own refined tastes.”


“When you do what someone else wants you to do, you are wasting your time. Don’t get tricked by other people’s thinking. The life is yours and so are goals. Believe in your own intuitions, speak your own voice, and follow what your heart says. The rest is secondary.”

“Who we are dies with us, what we do lives on.”

“Only a few moments in life have paved the road we're on. What we choose to do between those moments will ultimately shape our destiny.”


“Don't live a lie because everyone around you already knows it's not the truth.”

“People try to find out true love but they don't get success..Why ? Because they search it in life in peoples But its dwell in Books”

“people talking about you doesn't matter when you are in coffin, its only matter to you when you are alive to hear them.”

“You have a mighty high opinion of yourself, I told him. The fact is, you don't love me, and you haven't destroyed me. You don't have what it takes to do that”

“Life can be a beautiful journey if you accept who you are and accept the people around you for what they are.”

“The Taellywood treasure beckoned us. All of us ached for God's wisdom. We had so many questions. We wanted to know why things happened the way they did. We needed to know. We desired the truth and we yearned for answers to many of life's questions.”


“Subjugation requires vigilance; if you relax your brutality even for a moment, the people you're oppressing will revolt at the first sign of weakness. That's why dictatorial regimes are always a slippery slope of cruelty doomed to end in failure.”



“It's not that people don't know when they'll die. It's that they don't seem to know they'll die.”

“The problem with saying or feeling 'sorry' is that it often comes after the damage is already done.
(..........and a damage is a damage, small or big, it always leave an ugly mark on one's soul)”

“Why were men such fools, that they created the very hurts for themselves that they most feared?”


“If I had followed every urge I ever had, I would have had much more sex and killed a lot more people”


“معاً ضدَّ العالم، ضدَّ الوقوع ضحايا لما هو حتمي.”


“Your weaknesses may not seem overwhelming, but they will create the biggest problems you face.”


“Life happens because of choices we make, if you want a better outcome; think before you create.”

“Whom that so busy catching others faults will never see his own”

“Time is much more valuable than money.”


“Fear is the negative emotion that brings every traceable hardship into our life. Only Love can free us from fear.”


“If I have to question a friendship, then it wasn't a friendship to begin with.”

“I'd rather be an outcast than to be inside feeling like an outsider.”

“Only a fool is always right.”

“Before comparing yourself or your life to others, take a good look at your fingers.”

“We acquire insightful lessons of life in moments of failure than success.”


“One day I wish to die, but today, I wish to live.”

“So it goes.”



“The same current that drifts your boat may sink mine. No two persons walking this earth are the same, not even twins. Keep this in mind when dealing with others.”

“People today are quick to bite the hand that fed them yesterday, turn around and cry hungry tomorrow.”

“To stop being a victim, you have to stop thinking like a victim.”

“If you search diligently enough, you're likely to find a character with a particular necessary flaw.”

“In dark moments of our existence; Life teaches us prudence.”

“High, fluffy clouds chased one another across a vast gray sky, reminding me that changes are never permanent. Rather, permanence resides in the fact of change.”

“World with various situations has various relations,don't give conclusions with your perception.”

“And isn't that the sum of all love? The whole story of love? Something that takes you by surprise, something that is seen from a distance, and yet recognized instantly and clearly? Something you are scared of your whole life long, and yet, when faced by it, reach for with open arms?
And isn't that the story of folly, the sum of it?”

“Living on earth and expecting to be surrounded by angels?
Sure recipe for a heartache!”

“And isn't that the tragedy of love, it's utter and complete deceit, that you can only be true in it, that you only wish to reveal your full truth to the one you love, with no frills and no lies, that you want to be loved as you are? That you wish to be loved for your truth, and not your ability to hide it?”


“After the leave-taking, there is the leaving. And once you have left, you discover the ten thousand things that you still carry - memories of touch, scent and sight.”


“Challenges bring opportunity for growth.”


“Life has taught me to release my ears from hearing negativity, destructive remarks, false rumors and stupid ways. I learn to open my eyes and my mind to think ahead of my life, to learn more of who I am.”

“Idolatry happens when you worship or praise anything excessively to the point of causing you to believe it reigns supreme. All things on this earth are temporal, even your very own desires. Be careful that you do not create idols to worship.”



“Never test good people because they are like diamonds. when you hit them, they will not break but they will only slip away from your life”

“All lines are gray in the dark.”


“It's amazing how people can find all the mistakes in the world concerning another person, but look into the mirror every day without making changes within. Stop looking down your nose at others, What does that achieve? We all can make room for improvements. Most of the time it starts with a little attitude adjustment.”


“Life is simple but if you don't put anything into it, you won't get anything out of it.”

“One sure way to lose the world and everything in it, is to try grasping it.”


“many people who think they know do not know what they know and only know what they do not know”

“If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you!”

“When you follow the right steps you will never get lost.”


“Given a choice, I would never want a life totally devoid of pain, but life is meaningless without some sadness.”

“Learn to appreciate every moment of your life, stop thinking of the future too much, you have a choice to make a difference in your life at any time you wish.”

“In every life, there is always a journey that is unforgettable and a path that can never be traced.”

“Sometimes life may look complicated than it is, but you'll have to play it just the way it is and make it proper, the way you would wish it to be in your own words.”

“Life is a chess play. You have to learn the rules of the game to win the scores rights.”

“It is by your own that you have to learn a lesson and they by themselves so that they will blame you not.”

“Life is one big lesson, you learn as you go.”

“Love is a sentiment precipitated by an illusionary excitement which seldom fades away leaving the victims in utter hope and distraction to love and be loved in return”

“Life has let me down several times, that I have learnt to cope with my pain in different situations while at the same time, learning through comparing my past problems and the current obstacles am facing.”

“Life is a test of courage, It's only worth if you can learn to withstand your most trying times and remain stable, steady, simple and strong in different places and spaces.”

“Enlightened spirit of the age is not the principal of life but a mirror that lets us see life through it's view.”

“your Life is cover by only one word 'IS', everything else is Just Unnecessary Happening By Your Mind.”

“Love doesn't hurt, love doesn't cut, and in dark times love doesn't cease.
Love heals, love seals, it drains out the world and leaves you with peace.”

“Your integrity may disgrace your pride at the time you don't think but that doesnt mean you should stop. You'll have to accept and move on with your life in the way it is.”

“‏اگر چه گونه مردن را یاد بگیری ، چه گونه زیستن را نیز فرا خواهی گرفت.”


“We live in a very entertaining world, but the sad fact is that so much of that entertainment is fruitless and empty. Only building nothing but failure and sadness.”

“In life; good behavior is more worthy much money.”

“Life can be tough at times, but each time you fall, is another lesson to learn from.”

“Live your life to full in this moment which is slipping quickly before your time is gone.”

“The end is decided only by means.”

“At the end of the day, your life is just a story. If you don't like the direction it's going, change it. Rewrite it. When you rewrite a sentence, you erase it and start over until you get it right. Yes, it's a little more complicated with a life, but the principle is the same. And remember, don't let anyone ever tell you that your revisions are not the truth.”

“This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too... This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.”



“A story is inside of us all. Each word and sentence is alive and we grace the pages to keep it from dying.”

“The real test for your ethics, is with you deal with bad persons, ethics coms normally with deal with the honest type.”

“Forging fake smiles to hide painful truths doesn't take away the hurt, but sometimes safeguards our emotions from those adamant not to understand.”

“الاختبار الحقيقي لرقي اخلاقك هو التعايش مع سيئي الخلق و مقاومة الانحطاط لمستواهم.”

“If we have touched another's life with our action and through our words then we have lived.”

“Vulnerability always comes with risks, but its rewards are deep.”

“Sometimes life's lessons may not be easily labeled; and we may not understand simply because we are too close to the situation (emotionally). Bad things and tragedy strike all around us with no obvious reasons but somewhere in this "the phoenix will rise from the ashes".”


“We have two lives...
The second begins when we know we only have one..”


“OPTIMISM is to man , what the Sun is to vegetation !”


“In the Human Form..Man has been granted the faculty of 'discretion' and the power of 'discerning'..grows only through 'depths' of understanding Self!!”


“If you have the power to make others happy..
By all means do it..Because the World needs lots of it..”


“The perfect song neither ends nor begins. It is always playing. Remember to stop and listen.”


“I used to think timing was everything. I have since learned that now is the time for everything.”


“Time is our biggest asset..
We can count the minutes or make the minutes count..”


“When people are kind, rational, generous and loving..
Be grateful, appreciate it and make the most of it at that time..
Because it is not necessarily the normal/real way of things at all..
Reason, generosity, kindness & love are rare resources in this world..”


“You hate it or love it; Life goes ON in its flow despite your best efforts to change it.”

“A positive MIND is a solid WEAPON.”

“I am not living my life to impress anyone, not of a big head to degrade anyone, not of negative thoughts to influence anyone. But a positive mind to inspire the people that surrounds me and the world.”

“Such is LIFE..Man comes crying and goes back firefighting..!”


“My waking hours have to be CONSTRUCTIVE !”


“We don't really need great amounts of anything. We just need a little of something great.”

“I am DROPOUT! I dropped out of the WORLD, to drop into ME and that is the World I enjoy ! Happiness”


“I have learnt that no amount of darkness can mask even the slightest glimmer of light. Find your light and drive out the dark.”

“Sometimes we will love people not for who they are, nor for what we gain from them but what they are. Those people that reflect a light. Those that make it easy to love, make us willing to give, and make us wanting to be in their presence.”

“In the midst of our lives we must find the One who tends to our scars, mends our hearts, and heals our souls.”

“My 'Inner World' can only tap the GOODNESS in the World outside !
From within I see 'beauty', from within I see 'ugliness', from within I see 'divinity', from within I 'enjoy',from within I feel 'sadness' !
It all starts from ME, goes all around and comes back to ME!!”


“The only way to predict the future is to create it.”

“Life is calmness with squabbling,
accumulating traditions and self-consciousness.
elaborate meals, medicine, law,
pretty pictures unspoiled,
rocking the cradle and holding the hammer,
impressive skies of gray and blue,
believing in what we can’t settle,
the mystery of iniquity,
the absolutely sincere predictions of fools,
lighter moods like these.”
