“I stood on my toes and stole a soft kiss from his lips. "Surprise attack," I said.
Sam leaned down and kissed me back, his mouth lingering on mine, teeth grazing my lower lip, making me shiver. "Surprise attack back."
"Sneaky," I said, my voice breathier than I intended.”



“Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often.”

“Engage people with what they expect; it is what they are able to discern and confirms their projections. It settles them into predictable patterns of response, occupying their minds while you wait for the extraordinary moment — that which they cannot anticipate.”


“Desperation can make a person do surprising things.”


“Well, hello there, Mother,” Sebastian said in a voice like silk. “Surprised to see me?”


“Would you like to know your future?
If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.
So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”


“The magic of purpose and of love in its purest form. Not televison love, with its glare and hollow and sequined glint; not sex and allure, all high shoes and high drama, everything both too small and in too much excess, but just love. Love like rain, like the smell of a tangerine, like a surprise found in your pocket.”


“How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life”


“The secret to humor is surprise.”

“I was like a chocolate in a box, looking well behaved and perfect in place, all the while harboring a secret center.”


“Humor is a spontaneous, wonderful bit of an outburst that just comes. It's unbridled, its unplanned, it's full of suprises.”

“That of all people, it should be him; that took her aback. That the heart should settle on somebody like him; that surprised her. But she was so certain about it, so certain.”


“I know enough of the world now to have almost lost the capacity of being much surprised by anything”


“I try not to be surprised. Surprise is the public face of a mind that has been closed.”


“I said I *liked* being half-educated; you were so much more *surprised* at everything when you were ignorant.”


“
Truly? That whole determined, dangerous saunter across the room was for
me
? In that case, would you mind going back and doing it all over again? Slowly this time, and with feeling.
”


“It's shocking the things we call love.”


“What's happened to me,' he thought. It was no dream.”


“I think in a moment of weakness, you might surprise yourself.”


“There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved.”

“Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.”


“People are invariably surprised to hear me say I am both an atheist and an agnostic, as if this somehow weakens my certainty. I usually reply with a question like, 'Well, are you a Republican or an American?' The two words serve different concepts and are not mutually exclusive. Agnosticism addresses knowledge; atheism addresses belief. The agnostic says, 'I don't have a knowledge that God exists.' The atheist says, 'I don't have a belief that God exists.' You can say both things at the same time. Some agnostics are atheistic and some are theistic.”


“Nick shook his head and found to his surprise that he did have tears left after all. He wasn't surprised by a talking cat. The world was crumbling around him and anything could happen.”


“Knowing is not simply a material act, since the object that is known always conceals something beyond the empirical datum. All our knowledge, even the most simple, is always a minor miracle, since it can never be fully explained by the material instruments that we apply to it. In every truth there is something more than we would have expected, in the love that we receive there is always an element that surprises us.”


“That should have been my strategy! By the time I’ve worked through the emotions of surprise, admiration, anger, jealousy, and frustration, I’m watching that reddish mane of hair disappear into the trees well out of shooting range.”


“If you can sustain your interest in what you’re doing, you’re an extremely fortunate person. What you see very frequently in people’s professional lives, and perhaps in their emotional life as well, is that they lose interest in the third act. You sort of get tired, and indifferent, and, sometimes, defensive. And you kind of lose your capacity for astonishment — and that’s a great loss, because the world is a very astonishing place.
What I feel fortunate about is that I’m still astonished, that things still amaze me. And I think that that’s the great benefit of being in the arts, where the possibility for learning never disappears, where you basically have to admit you never learn it.”

“I've been very lucky at what's happened in my career to date, but playing something as far from me as possible is an ambition of mine - anything from a mutated baddy in a comic book action thriller, to a detective. If anything, I'd like Gary Oldman's career: he's the perfect example of it. I've love to have a really broad sweep of characters - to be able to do something edgy, surprising and unfashionable.”

“There are two kinds of taste in the appreciation of imaginative literature: the taste for emotions of surprise and the taste for emotions of recognition.”

“She stretched out her hand, saying, “Vernon! My dear, what a delightful surprise!”
“What’s surprising about it?” he enquired, lifting his black brows. “Didn’t you ask me to come?”
The smile remained pinned to Lady Buxted’s lips, but she replied with more than a touch of acidity: “To be sure I did, but so many days ago that I supposed you had gone out of town!”
“Oh, no!” he said, returning her smile with one of great sweetness.”


“He pulled her close kissing her mouth taking her by surprise. He stepped back passion smoldering in his eyes. She looked at him touching her mouth where his kiss still burned.”

“Even in the familiar there can be surprise and wonder.”

“Even when alternative views are clearly wrong, being exposed to them still expands our creative potential. In a way, the power of dissent is the power of surprise. After hearing someone shout out an errant answer, we work to understand it, which causes us to reassess our initial assumptions and try out new perspectives. “Authentic dissent can be difficult, but it’s always invigorating,” [Charlan] Nemeth [a professor of psychology at the University of California at Berkeley] says. “It wakes us right up.”

“I may be surprised. But I don't think I will be.”

“I’ve always found hitting a man from behind to be the best way to go about things. This can sometimes be accomplished by dint of a simple ruse. Classics such as, “What’s that over there?” work surprisingly often, but for truly optimal results it’s best if the person doesn’t ever know you were there.”



“It was like we had known all along that the sky was going to fall and then it fell and we pretended to be surprised.”


“Well, this is basically the end, so the answers should be in these next few pages. I doubt they will surprise you, but you never know. I don't know how smart or thick you are. You could be Albert Einstein for all I know, or some literary prizewinner, or maybe you're just middle of the road like me.”


“Then he led her to sit by him on a fallen gum trunk, smooth and white, and he leaned to whisper in her ear. Transferred the secret he and her mother had kept for seventeen years. Waited for the flicker of recognition, the minute shift in expression as she registered what he was telling her. Watched as the bottom fell out of her world and the person she had been vanished in an instant.”


“When you're in love, there's nothing that can embarrass or surprise you.”


“There can never be surprises in logic.”


“Elizabeth: "Maybe he'll surprise you."
Meghann: "Birdie, they all surprise me. Last week, I hugged my date at the door and felt a bra strap.”


“Twelve dead?” I said. “Jesus.”


“Seriously. Poor little me can deal with having mated a millionaire.”
“Oh, you found someone else? With less money?”


“The attacks of 9/11 were the biggest surprise in American history, and for the past ten years we haven't stopped being surprised. The war on terror has had no discernible trajectory, and, unlike other military conflicts, it's almost impossible to define victory. You can't document the war's progress on a world map or chart it on a historical timetable in a way that makes any sense. A country used to a feeling of being in command and control has been whipsawed into a state of perpetual reaction, swinging wildly between passive fear and fevered, often thoughtless, activity, at a high cost to its self-confidence.”

“An artistic perspective will jab at you from a different angle; its logic comes like a pitcher with a curveball.”


“Magic is the stunning art of surprising your audience, so that nothing else surprises them.”

“A general air of surprise and genuine satisfaction fell upon everyone as they saw the pianist enter.”


“Plot twist: everything goes exactly as planned.”

“Beauty is
dad kissing mom's hand when it cramps.
Beauty is
seeing a Persian woman dance.
Ugly is not the absence of beauty.
Ugly
is the inability to identify it.
The inability
to be surprised by it.
It is the persistent reluctance
to be made a child by it.
Beauty is
simply
the manifestation of
love.”

“Frankly, I couldn't be more astonished that this guy was involved in something like this than if you came riding through my apartment on a hippopotamus.”

“Surprise is a major factor in distinguishing an answer to prayer from a projection of my own mental processes. When I can’t believe I made up the answer myself, I have to look around to see where it came from.”


“The most pleasant surprise is to get lost in the beauty of life.”

“Pulling back, he gave her a little space and grinned as she found her balance again.
“Do you think that will ever get old?” Harper asked with an embarrassed blush.
“Christ, I hope not. Just remember how you feel right now because you might be really mad at me in about one minute.”
“Uh-oh. I don’t think I like the sound of that.” Harper raised an eyebrow at him.
He took her hand and led her toward the studio before pulling her in front of him, her back to his chest. It was the safest position to avoid a kick in the nuts and the best position to block a fast escape.
He felt Harper’s quick intake of breath as she turned to face him with a hand over her mouth.
“What did you do?” she said through her fingers.
“Happy birthday, sweetheart.” He pushed her through the door as everyone inside shouted, “Surprise!”


“What is a whore?"
Unsurprisingly, that hadn't been one of the words we had shared over the last span of days. For half a moment I considered lying, but there was no way I could manage it. "He says your mother is a person men pay money to have sex with."
Tempi turned back to the mercenary and nodded graciously. "You are very kind. I thank you.”


“[I]t was as if I had been strolling absentmindedly and banged into a door.”


“Perhaps the people we think we know best are the ones who surprise us most.”

“I am no longer surprise by situation. I only pray for the strength of endurance.”

“Death takes us by surprise,
And stays our hurrying feet;
The great design unfinished lies,
Our lives are incomplete
But in the dark unknown,
Perfect their circles seem,
Even as a bridge's arch of stone
Is rounded in the stream.
Alike are life and death,
When life in death survives,
And the uninterrupted breath
Inspires a thousand lives.
Were a star quenched on high,
For ages would its light,
Still traveling downward from the sky,
Shine on our mortal sight.
So when a great man dies,
For years beyond our ken,
The light he leaves behind him lies
Upon the paths of men.”


“Hope is not logical. It always comes as a surprise, just when you think all hope is lost. Hope is the cousin to grief, and both take time: you can’t short-circuit grief, or emptiness, and you can’t patch it up with your bicycle tire tube kit. You have to take the next right action.”


“Your name isn't Sniffles?" Ewan pretended to be surprised.”


“I learned vulnerability is a bit like those Russian nesting dolls, the ones that get smaller and smaller in size when you twist the top off and pull another one out. In the end, you’re left with the tiniest doll, that one nugget. No more layers to take off. Nothing left but a surprise, the surprise of finding out the littlest doll is the most solid of them all. It doesn’t hide inside of itself.”


“People live on the flow of the daily reality and they surge on the waves of hazy expectations. They can experience pleasant junctures and try to catch and enjoy each special moment that is offered to them. Until life takes them by surprise.”

“The best part of the journey is the surprise and wonder along the way.”

“Leave some mystery to the world and they will remember you forever.”

“Disappointment has quite a penchant for taking one by a surprise.”



“Give more, don't expect not to be repaid. Give more thanks for what you haven’t expected but received!”


“People expect what they expect.. They never realize the possibility of surprise beyond expectations..!”

“An unliterary man may be defined as one who reads books once only. . . . We do not enjoy a story fully at the first reading. Not till the curiosity, the sheer narrative lust, has been given its sop and laid asleep, are we at leisure to savour the real beauties. Till then, it is like wasting great wine on a ravenous natural thirst which merely wants cold wetness.”


“All things remarkable are surprisingly simple; albeit difficult to find.”


“Don't worry, keep at it, you will soon shock the world”

“A prophet is always underestimated, and part of what makes one a prophet is that he doesn't really mind it.”


“It would, Grimm thought, be a horrible surprise to find out, mid-dive, that your ship had suddenly lost the ability to
stop
diving.”


“I am often guilty of expecting the worst so as to avoid disappointment and welcome surprise.”


“...everyone knows that road, the one leading out of town into a deep green expanse of pastures and old farmhouses, which at first makes it seem like you're entering a fairy tale, something sweet and old fashioned and lost in time. But, like all fairy tales, the beginning is always beautiful, a ruse to draw you into something you aren't anticipating.”


“Be aware of the company you keep. You'd be surprised how easily they rub off on you. You don't want to attract the wrong influence.”


“Of course it should not be too surprising to find out that your life story has included an event, something important, that you have known nothing about – your life story is in and of itself something that you know very little about.”

“Il y a chez un être tant de choses que nous ignorons...”


“Then he snored and I jumped and I could hear the blood in my ears and my heart going really fast and a pain like someone had blown up a really big balloon inside my chest. I wondered if I was going to have a heart attack.”


“To właśnie wtedy przekonałem się i zrozumiałem, że robienie niespodzianek jest formą zobowiązywania drugiego człowieka do uległości, do rewanżu, do okazywania radości i zadowolenia wbrew faktycznemu samopoczuciu; jest próbą przywiązania do siebie, zniewolenia bliźniego, który powinien czuć się winien, że nie potrafi normalnie reagować na okazaną mu sympatię i miłość. Robienie niebezinteresownych niespodzianek to działanie partyzanckie, z zaskoczenia.”


“What is so unique about coaching female business executives is the fact they approach taking executive business decisions the same way they approach matching two pieces of cloths they will wear going to a cocktail party or to a classic concert . To my surprise this turned to be something that teaches me deeper business dimensions male executives are not privileged with.”

“Life has a way of turning around and surprising you!”


“Don't despise those little things you can do well; they contain tiny miracles that can amaze you and you will change the world. Be a world changer in your own way! We look up to you!”


“Life is full of surprises; however, they are nothing to a mind that shelters positive beliefs.”

“IF YOU ASK ME A PERSON DOESNT GET ENOUGH SURPRISES IN A LIFE TIME.”


“Surprise is when a prime minister is assassinated during his speech. Suspense is when an assassin lurks while the prime minister speaks. Balancing surprise and suspense is the job of the thriller writer.”

“Stop giving complaints to people about what you can't do. Start giving compliments to God for what you can do. It'll amaze you; you'll see yourself doing amazingly!”


“Creativity always comes as a surprise to us; therefore we can never count on it and we dare not believe in it until it has happened... Hence, the only way in which we can bring our creative resources fully into play is by misjudging the nature of the task, by presenting it to ourselves as more routine, simple, undemanding of genuine creativity than it will turn out to be... We are apparently on the trail here of some sort of invisible or hidden hand that beneficially hides difficulties from us.”

“I'm good at playing the dumbass. It provides a good cover so I can surprise people when I waltz all over them.”


“Surprise is your best weapon.”


“Holy fuck, he’s here.”


“All of this,' the prophet said, serene, 'all of our activities, Sayid, you must understand this, all of your suffering, it's all part of a greater plan.'
'You'd be surprised at how little comfort I take from that notion.”


“How quickly he fell; how soon it was over.”



“Why is it always such a surprise? thinks Toby. The moon. Even though we know it's coming. Every time we see it, it makes us pause, and hush.”


“An assumption is the joke; truth the punchline.”


“ 'You... you're--'
'A virgin?' Jonah's voice cracked in the middle of that hated word.
'Holy fucking merciful Christ giving Peter a blow job.'
'Jesus,' Jonah breathed.
'Came first?' Amelia said, popping out of the ladies' room with impeccable timing. 'God, Ethan, that was the best blasphemy ever!' ”


“But there's something about him that makes her heart quicken in the way it does when she's surprised. And she supposes that might just be it: the surprises of it all.”


“The beauty of the unexpected lies within the surprise of the momentum,
not only at its tipping point, but also within all the moments waiting.”

“She had come into the garden expecting summer roses and had instead been caught in a bank of twisted, thorny, frostbitten vines.”


“Don’t do that.”
“Don’t do what?”
“Sneak around.”
“Do you mean walk around? Because that’s what I actually did. I usually crouch more when I sneak — and then I kill someone.”


“In past wars only homes burnt, but this time
Don't be surprised if even loneliness ignites.
In past wars only bodys burnt, but this time
Don't be surprised if even shadows ignite.”

“The man who said, "Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall not be disappointed," put the eulogy quite inadequately and even falsely. The truth "Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall be gloriously surprised." The man who expects nothing sees redder roses than common men can see, and greener grass, and a more startling sun. Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall possess the cities and the mountains; blessed is the meek, for he shall inhereit the earth. Until we realize that things might not be we cannot realize that things are.”


“It’s funny how even when you’ve lived with someone your whole life, they can still surprise you.”


“I deliberately seek out the colors to keep my mind off them, but now and then, I witness the ones who are left behind, crumbling among the jigsaw puzzle of realization, despair and surprise.”


“With the sensation that he was passing through the Looking-Glass, Max stared at his father as if he had never seen him before—simultaneously impressed and unnerved at the thought that, after all these years, he still knew so little about him.”


“I begin to feel this tension when things that doesn't worth attention are the things that attracts attention”

“Respond to critics with humility. Most people are experts in finding problems with whatever others do. That should not be a surprise to you.”


“Dare to take chances in life.
The outcomes may surprise you.”

“It will always take a good deal more courage to do something foolishly dangerous, when it is planned, than when it happens by surprise.”


“I put complains aside and replace each of them with trials and to my surprise, some things I see as difficult were not so before! I conclude that "Success resides behind the curtains of complains; tear those pieces of complains away and you will see the stage of your dreams clearly"!”


“It's as if she assumes everything will go right, and when it doesn't - which, of course, is pretty often - she is surprised and affronted.”


“These occasions always took him by surprise. He was shocked anew each time the crisply surveyed, neatly kept world he so cherished rose up to confront him with all its essential sloppiness, irrationality, and bad business sense.”


“It was like magic, but so much of magic is about misdirection, whereas so much of redemption is straightforward and ordinary, piercing true and lit with surprise.”


“Are you surprised by anything anymore?
~ Artemis Entreri”


“When everything all in a moment comes together, surprisingly perfect, it doesn’t prove there’s a loving God; but if there is, isn’t it perfect when all in a moment, God proves how surprisingly He loves?”


“Ha, Eleanor thought, you’d be surprised what could be a surprise at this point.”


“When you are bored, all you need is a good surprise!”

“I rose swiftly and struck him across the cheek, hard enough to make my palm sting. He gaped at me. 'I do not want your damned money. I want you to answer me.'
Carefully, he fingered his jaw. There was something new and strange in his gaze, sharp, intent enough to make me wary. 'I do believe I've forgotten the question.' ”


“When you come to a point where nothing looks surprising to you, you can then analyse the matters calmly and with much better precision!”

“—Elle m'a pas recconue!
—C'est parce qu'elle vous a jamais vue.”

“Marcus and Ellie exchanged a worried look and examined the bag again. Sure enough, the gold was gone.”


“Dream big, I dreamt of being taller when I was a kid, reinforced with flashbacks everyday I exercised diligently and to my surprise, I am still 5 feet tall.”


“Frank heard a laugh behind him. He glanced back and couldn't believe what he saw. Nico di Angelo was actually smiling.
"That's more like it," Nico said. "Let's turn this tide!”



“You may pray to God to remove the hills on your way and fill every pothole on your path; but don’t be surprised if God gives you a shovel to do so!”

“It's a lovely answer and takes me entirely by surprise. I hadn't realized we were having a serious conversation, or I think I would've given a better reply when he asked me.”


“How could this have happened when everything was normal?”


“If you do not expect the unexpected, you will not find it; for it is hard to be sought out and difficult.”


“...I don't ever want to feel that way. Feel as if there are no surprises left. The surprises make life worth living. Expecting nothing, accepting it all. Accepting isn't the right word. ACKNOWLEDGING it all. I suppose I'll just try to figure it out as I go or at least try to understand it. Or f***, just think about it. I'll face whatever comes my way...”

“I see now why they call it 'falling' in love. It's a tumble that catches you off guard, surprises you, scares you, bumps you around, sends you spinning into the dark. But eventually, you level out, and enjoy the rush of free fall.”

“Ricky just listens. He isn't shocked. He isn't surprised. He listens to me because he knows. He knows the shame and the guilt and the sorrow and the rage. And he does not judge me. He just listens.”


“Humans were always surprising me.”


“Surprise yourself every day with your own courage.”

“To my surprise, Brooke smiled, and I realized that even though two of the other teams had managed to bug their marks' cell phones, the information Tara and I had received might just prove it self to be even more useful.
Take that Chloe!”


“Flavour your life in such a way that anyone who thinks he or she is biting or back-biting you, will rather take smiles away unexpectedly and with surprises.”

“Everybody knows that pestilences have a way of recurring in the world; yet somehow we find it hard to believe in ones that crash down on our heads from a blue sky. There have been as many plagues as wars in history; yet always plagues and wars take people equally by surprise.”


“The Book revealed to Muhammad is one and unique of its kind. It has left indelible impression on the hearts of humanity. Nothing can overcome its majesty. The Quran has given new dimensions to human thinking - Surprising reforms, stunning success! The power that created in Muslims a ravenous appetite for knowledge sprung from the Quran.”

“When we would say 'No way,' he would say, 'My way.' Then the ones who doubted would scramble to salvage the blessing. And the one who gave it would savor the surprise.”


“To the issues of friendship, love, business and war, "surprise" is the optimistic solution.”

“You don't have to be surprised when the end comes - just read the Word of God and get the full scoop!”

“It was after a Frontline television documentary screened in the US in 1995 that the Freyds' public profile as aggrieved parents provoked another rupture within the Freyd family, when William Freyd made public his own discomfort.
'Peter Freyd is my brother, Pamela Freyd is both my stepsister and sister-in-law,' he explained. Peter and Pamela had grown up together as step-siblings. 'There is no doubt in my mind that there was severe abuse in the home of Peter and Pam, while they were raising their daughters,' he wrote. He challenged Peter Freyd's claims that he had been misunderstood, that he merely had a 'ribald' sense of humour. 'Those of us who had to endure it, remember it as abusive at best and viciously sadistic at worst.' He added that, in his view, 'The False memory Syndrome Foundation is designed to deny a reality that Peter and Pam have spent most of their lives trying to escape.' He felt that there is no such thing as a false memory syndrome.' Criticising the media for its uncritical embrace of the Freyds' campaign, he cautioned:
That the False Memory Syndrome Foundation has been able to excite so much media attention has been a great surprise to those of us who would like to admire and respect the objectivity and motive of people in the media. Neither Peter's mother nor his daughters, nor I have wanted anything to do with Peter and Pam for periods of time ranging up to two decades. We do not understand why you would 'buy' into such an obviously flawed story. But buy it you did, based on the severely biased presentation of the memory issue that Peter and Pam created to deny their own difficult reality.
p14-14 Stolen Voices: An Exposure of the Campaign to Discredit Childhood Testimony”

“Magic is a very beautiful mystery. Even the ages old magic effects still surprises the most modern men.”

“Those who earn your trust by surprise will leave surprisingly”


“A great piece of music make people to close their eyes but a great magic effect make their eyes wide open.”

“Love is always a surprise and you never get it right.”


“You are my winter suddenness—a glass of red wine spilt across a white tablecloth”

“Told you to get him a bell.”


“Surprise is the tool of the Devil and it is the greatest power of the evil forces!”

“I didn't particularly feel like explaining myself to eighteen bewildered people.”


“You’re right. The fact that the entire party of fifty guests caught you and Jill Moench kissing in the closet was a complete misunderstanding." Theo snorted, turning to Penny, "His girlfriend certainly got a surprise at her party. And it wasn’t the kind where everyone jumps out from behind the couch to yell, ‘Surprise!”


“Life is a house of cards, balanced on a tetter-totter,
precariously perched on a roller coaster.
The only thing that should surprise us about our surprises is that we are surprised by them.
Beth Cardall's Diary”


“Sometimes you'll remove the log from your own eyes and to your amazement; you will see that your friend has no speck there after all the suspicions. You got to see before you judge!”


“Motivations take you there. Tell yourself you are powerful enough to make it, and it will surprise you that.. that power will start manifesting itself.”


“Sometimes people surprise us. People we believe we know.”



“I've learned that some memories surprise you and reveal a sharp edge just when you least expect it.”


“Society is always taken by surprise at any new example of common sense.”

“No matter that you anticipate a thing; you get so used to it as part of the future that its actuality, its arrival, its force and presence, startles you, takes you by surprise, as would a ghost suddenly appearing in the room wearing familiar perfume and boots.”


“Chance is the nature of our universe. […] madness represents a chaotic reservoir of surprises. Some surprises can be valuable.”


“I'm just
the reason they married.
Mum says
I was a surprise.
Dad says
I was an accident.
Truth is ...
I am their mistake.”


