“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”



“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”

“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).”

“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”


“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”


“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.”

“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”

“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”

“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”

“In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.”

“Hold fast to dreams,
For if dreams die
Life is a broken-winged bird,
That cannot fly.”

“May you live every day of your life.”

“Never laugh at live dragons.”

“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”

“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”

“The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.”


“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.”


“If you're reading this...
Congratulations, you're alive.
If that's not something to smile about,
then I don't know what is.”


“Think before you speak. Read before you think.”


“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”

“The unexamined life is not worth living.”

“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”


“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”

“The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.”


“By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.”

“Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.”


“Angry people are not always wise.”


“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”

“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.”


“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.”

“It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.”



“There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.”


“Knowing others is intelligence;
knowing yourself is true wisdom.
Mastering others is strength;
mastering yourself is true power.”


“You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.”

“The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.”

“I'm not young enough to know everything.”


“The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.”

“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.”

“Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens”

“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”

“It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.”

“Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,
That we may record our emptiness.”

“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection”

“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.”

“The past has no power over the present moment.”

“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.”

“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”

“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.”


“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”

“The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.”


“There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them.
But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.”


“I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?"
"It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties."
"To establish ties?"
"Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....”


“Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”


“Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy”

“We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.”


“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”

“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”

“Never, never, never give in!”

“You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you
do
.”


“The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.”

“He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.”

“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”

“Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is...and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be...and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart...no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.”

“We learn from failure, not from success!”



“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”


“The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.”

“Perhaps the rare and simple pleasure of being seen for what one is compensates for the misery of being it.”

“There comes a point when you either embrace who and what you are, or condemn yourself to be miserable all your days. Other people will try to make you miserable; don't help them by doing the job yourself.”

“I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.”

“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”

“We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities.”

“Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.”


“Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.”


“We shall not cease from exploration
And the end of all our exploring
Will be to arrive where we started
And know the place for the first time.”


“All knowledge hurts.”


“That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. Most people love you for who you pretend to be. To keep their love, you keep pretending - performing. You get to love your pretence. It's true, we're locked in an image, an act - and the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, they grow attached to their masks. They love their chains. They forget all about who they really are. And if you try to remind them, they hate you for it, they feel like you're trying to steal their most precious possession.”

“Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”

“Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”

“In youth, it was a way I had,
To do my best to please.
And change, with every passing lad
To suit his theories.
But now I know the things I know
And do the things I do,
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you.”


“It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.”

“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.”

“Mockingbirds don’t do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corncribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.”


“Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.”

“Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.”

“Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.”

“Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.”


“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.
Good things come to those who wait.”


“Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.”

“A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.”


“It is one thing to be clever and another to be wise.”

“Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.”

“Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.”

“The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.”



“This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor...Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.”

“Time is a game played beautifully by children.”


“Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”


“If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.”

“Half of seeming clever is keeping your mouth shut at the right times.”


“As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.”


“I ask not for any crown
But that which all may win;
Nor try to conquer any world
Except the one within.”

“Love is a form of prejudice. You love what you need, you love what makes you feel good, you love what is convenient. How can you say you love one person when there are ten thousand people in the world that you would love more if you ever met them? But you'll never meet them. All right, so we do the best we can. Granted. But we must still realize that love is just the result of a chance encounter. Most people make too much of it. On these grounds a good fuck is not to be entirely scorned. But that's the result of a chance meeting too. You're damned right. Drink up. We'll have another.”

“The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.”


“You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.”

“She is free in her wildness, she is a wanderess, a drop of free water. She knows nothing of borders and cares nothing for rules or customs. 'Time' for her isn’t something to fight against. Her life flows clean, with passion, like fresh water.”

“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”

“The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.”

“Wise? No, I simply learned to think.”


“

You Chose

You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose to give away your love.
You chose to have a broken heart.
You chose to give up.
You chose to hang on.
You chose to react.
You chose to feel insecure.
You chose to feel anger.
You chose to fight back.
You chose to have hope.
You chose to be naïve.
You chose to ignore your intuition.
You chose to ignore advice.
You chose to look the other way.
You chose to not listen.
You chose to be stuck in the past.
You chose your perspective.
You chose to blame.
You chose to be right.
You chose your pride.
You chose your games.
You chose your ego.
You chose your paranoia.
You chose to compete.
You chose your enemies.
You chose your consequences.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
You chose.
However, you are not alone. Generations of women in your family have chosen. Women around the world have chosen. We all have chosen at one time in our lives. We stand behind you now screaming:
Choose to let go.
Choose dignity.
Choose to forgive yourself.
Choose to forgive others.
Choose to see your value.
Choose to show the world you’re not a victim.
Choose to make us proud.”

“Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?”

“We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.”

“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”

“I believe that what we become depends on what our fathers teach us at odd moments, when they aren't trying to teach us. We are formed by little scraps of wisdom.”


“Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.”

“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”

“Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something.
Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens.
And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life.
Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.
Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.”

“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness.
Listen to it carefully.”


“We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”

“When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion faster than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.”


“He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.”


“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”

“Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.”

“
Inventory:
"Four be the things I am wiser to know:
Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without:
Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Three be the things I shall never attain:
Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three be the things I shall have till I die:
Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”



“Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.”

“The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one. ”

“I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward.”

“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”

“Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you secruity and friendship and didn't ask for anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly. ”


“People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.”

“The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.”


“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”


“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?”


“Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.”

“It takes a very long time to become young.”

“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.”

“Hide not your talents, they for use were made,
What's a sundial in the shade?”

“The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.”

“No man is poor who has a Godly mother.”

“The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.”


“You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination.”

“Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.”

“The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.”

“If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door”

“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”


“But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.”


“Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.”

“wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.”


“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude
toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather
than allowing it to master you.”

“There are no ordinary moments.”


“Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.”

“No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.”


“There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”



“A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.”


“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.”

“People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.”


“CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler.
MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing.
CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing.
MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged.
CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed.
MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed.
CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying.
MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing.
CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding... planet-cremating.
MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing.
CHORONZON: I am Anti-Life, the Beast of Judgment. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds... of everything. Sss. And what will
you
be
then
, Dreamlord?
MORPHEUS: I am hope.”


“A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.”


“Lost Time is never found again.”


“Mama used to say, you have to know someone a thousand days before you can glimpse her soul.”


“Don't go looking for boys in the dark
They will say pretty things then
leave you with scars.
Do go looking for boys in the park
For that is where the true gentlemen are.”


“Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. ”

“But what if I make a mistake?' Will asked.
Gilan threw back his head and laughed. 'A mistake? One mistake? You should be so lucky. You'll make dozens! I made four or five on my first day alone! Of course you'll make mistakes. Just don't make any of them twice. If you do mess things up, don't try to hide it. Don't try to rationalize it. Recognize it and admit it and learn from it. We never stop learning, none of us.”


“Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.”

“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.”

“I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves.”


“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.”

“Perhaps the logical conclusion of everyone looking the same is everyone thinking the same.”


“Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.”

“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”

“It is strange how often a heart must be broken
Before the years can make it wise.”


“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”


“من نمّ لك نمّ بك, ومن نقل إليك نقل عنك, ومن إذا أرضيته فقال ماليس فيك, كذلك إذا أغضبته قال فيك ماليس فيك.”

“As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.”

“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged”

“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are
going.”

“There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.”


“Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.”

“Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.”


“When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife.
[
The New York Times interview, 2000
]”

“If others tell us something we make assumptions, and if they don't tell us something we make assumptions to fulfill our need to know and to replace the need to communicate. Even if we hear something and we don't understand we make assumptions about what it means and then believe the assumptions. We make all sorts of assumptions because we don't have the courage to ask questions.”


“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”


“Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.”



“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”

“Wisdom is having things right in your life
and knowing why.”

“There is an ancient tribal proverb I once heard in India. It says that before we can see properly we must first shed our tears to clear the way.”


“The man of wisdom is never of two minds;
the man of benevolence never worries;
the man of courage is never afraid.”

“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw some things back.”

“The way out is through the door. Why is it that no one will use this method?”

“We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”

“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”


“In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.”

“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”

“No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care”

“Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.”

“Don’t take the high ground and assume you already know what you’ll do. The truth is, when it comes to someone you love, you’ll find there isn’t anything you won’t do.”


“Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”


“Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.”


“When you make a choice, you change the future.”

“الحب هو ذكاء المسافة، ألّا تقترب كثيرًا فتلغي اللهفة، ولا تبتعد طويلًا فتُنسى.”


“Women may fall when there's no strength in men.
Act II”


“My soul is in the sky.”


“Voici mon secret. Il est très simple: on ne voit bien qu'avec le cœur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.”


“Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.”


“Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.”


“The small wisdom is like water in a glass:
clear, transparent, pure.
The great wisdom is like the water in the sea:
dark, mysterious, impenetrable.”

“Now I understand that one of the important reasons for going to college and getting an education is to learn that the things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is what it appears to be.”


“Sometimes you weren't supposed to share pain. Sometimes it was best just to deal with it alone.”


“Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to
you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something
bigger and better than your current situation.”

“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”


“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”

“It’s always hard to lose somebody. It leaves a hole in you heart that never grows back. ”


“There are women who make things better... simply by showing up. There are women who make things happen. There are women who make their way. There are women who make a difference. And women who make us smile. There are women of wit and wisdom who- through strength and courage- make it through. There are women who change the world everyday... Women like you.”

“It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.”

“You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.”

“Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling.”

“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”

“So wise so young, they say, do never live long.”



“Is there a difference between happiness and inner peace? Yes. Happiness depends on conditions being perceived as positive; inner peace does not.”

“Love of music, of sunsets and sea; a liking for the same kind of people; political opinions that are not radically divergent; a similar stance as we look at the stars and think of the marvelous strangeness of the universe - these are what build a marriage. And it is never to be taken for granted.”


“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.”

“Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.”

“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”

“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying
the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I
now enjoy. ”

“The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.”

“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him will believeth in anything. - Hitchens 3:16”

“Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.”

“These violent delights have violent ends.”


“Don't just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents." Translation by Sharon Lebell”


“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”

“Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always
find it.”

“Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.”


“If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.”


“It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.”

“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness.
If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind.”


“An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.”


“If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.”


“But that's how memory works," Bitterblue said quietly. "Things disappear without your permission, then come back again without your permission." And sometimes they came back incomplete and warped.”


“I was an adventurer, but she was not an adventuress. She was a 'wanderess.' Thus, she didn’t care about money, only experiences - whether they came from wealth or from poverty, it was all the same to her.”


“Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.”

“Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll buy a funny hat. Talk to a hungry man about fish, and you're a consultant.”

“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.
[
Verse 223
]”


“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”



“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”

“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”


“A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.”

“It takes a great man to be a good listener.”

“Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.”

“The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.”

“Even a soul submerged in sleep
is hard at work and helps
make something of the world.”


“Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.”


“Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect.”

“When in doubt, choose to live.”


“I finally know the difference between pleasing and loving, obeying and respecting. It has taken me so many years to be okay with being different, and with being this alive, this intense. (xxvi)”


“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”


“I do believe in simplicity. It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit. When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms. So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real. Probe the earth to see where your main roots run. ”

“A little nonsense now and then,
Is cherished by the wisest men.”


“I will no longer mutilate and destroy myself in order to find a secret behind the ruins.”

“I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.”


“Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse”

“Yet what keeps me from dissolving right now into a complete fairy-tale shimmer is this solid truth, a truth which has veritably built my bones over the last few years--I was not rescued by a prince; I was the administrator of my own rescue.”


“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”


“There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.”


“There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.”


“The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.”

“I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.”


“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”


“A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.”

“How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!”

“You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward”


“Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.”

“I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.
[
Washington Post interview, 19 February 2001
]”

“In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the
cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat
could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.”



“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to
wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”


“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”

“Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle of
softness overcoming hardness.”

“Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.”

“The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues.
...
[But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.”


“Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.”


“If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.”

“Stories have a way of changing faces. They are unruly things, undisciplined, given to delinquency and the throwing of erasers. This is why we must close them up into thick, solid books, so they cannot get out and cause trouble.”


“Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil.”


“Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!”

“Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.”


“When you're in a Slump,
you're not in for much fun.
Un-slumping yourself
is not easily done.”


“إلى البكائين على مافات٫ المتحيّرين وراء تحقيق المعجزات٫ الدائرين حول محور من أنفسهم يصارعون المنى وتصارعهم دون الانتهاء إلى قرار.. ألى هؤلاء نوجّه كلمة ( وليم جيمس ) : "ان بيننا وبين الله رابطة لاتنفصم٫ فإذا نحن أخضعنا أنفسنا لإشرافه-سبحانه وتعالى- تحققت أمنياتنا وآمالنا كلها”


“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”

“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”

“The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.”

“Mom, how do you know if the guy is
the
guy?”
You mean if he’ll be a good husband?” She pauses, then says “The ticket is for the man to love the woman more than she loves him.”
Shouldn’t it be equal?”
Mom cackles. “It can never be equal.”
But what if the woman loves the man more?”
A life of hell awaits her. As women, the deck is stacked against us because
time
is our enemy. We age, while men
season
. And trust me, there are plenty of women out there looking for a man, and they don’t mind staking a claim on somebody else’s husband, no matter how old, creaky, and deaf they are.”


“ليس كل ما يخطر للمرء يقوله ، لا سيما إذا كان صحيحا”


“You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”


“Life is like a game of chess.
To win you have to make a move.
Knowing which move to make comes with IN-SIGHT
and knowledge, and by learning the lessons that are
acculated along the way.
We become each and every piece within the game called life!”


“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”

“Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.”

“Time flows away like the water in the river. ”

“The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you
want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.
”

“It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.”

“You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas. Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.”

“Being vegan is easy. Are there social pressures that encourage you to continue to eat, wear, and use animal products? Of course there are. But in a patriarchal, racist, homophobic, and ableist society, there are social pressures to participate and engage in sexism, racism, homophobia, and ableism. At some point, you have to decide who you are and what matters morally to you. And once you decide that you regard victimizing vulnerable nonhumans is not morally acceptable, it is easy to go and stay vegan”

“I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.”

“He who is certain he knows the ending of things when he is only beginning them is either extremely wise or extremely foolish; no matter which is true, he is certainly an unhappy man, for he has put a knife in the heart of wonder.”


“If Christ were here there is one thing he would not be—a Christian.”



“The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.”


“I do not know everything; still many things I understand.”


“When you think yours is the only true path you forever chain yourself to judging others and narrow the vision of God. The road to righteousness and arrogance is a parallel road that can intersect each other several times throughout a person's life. It’s often hard to recognize one road from another. What makes them different is the road to righteousness is paved with the love of humanity. The road to arrogance is paved with the love of self.”

“من قال لك أن درب الجنة معبد بالورود؟”


“I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more
chances, Be more active, Show up more often.”

“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”

“I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.”

“My father always used to say, "Don't raise your voice. Improve your argument." Good sense does not always lie with the loudest shouters, nor can we say that a large, unruly crowd is always the best arbiter of what is right.”

“Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy”

“A desire not to butt into other people's business is at least eighty percent of all human wisdom.”


“Travel brings wisdom only to the wise. It renders the ignorant more ignorant than ever.”


“When you've learned to laugh at the things that should be laughed at, and not to laugh at those that shouldn't, you've got wisdom and understanding.”


“How could I have been so ignorant? she thinks. So stupid, so unseeing, so given over to carelessness. But without such ignorance, such carelessness, how could we live? If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be as ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.”


“The fact that man knows right from wrong proves his intellectual superiority to the other creatures; but the fact that he can do wrong proves his moral inferiority to any creatures that cannot.”


“That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.”


“The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.”


“I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.”


“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole”

“The first peace, which is the most important, is that which comes within the souls of people when they realize their relationship, their oneness with the universe and all its powers, and when they realize at the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit, and that its center is really everywhere, it is within each of us.”

“Fame is a vapor, popularity is an accident, riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow and only one thing endures - character.”

“Sometimes wisdom came from strange places, even from giant teenaged goldfish.”


“And thus, the actions of life often not allowing any delay, it is a truth very certain that, when it is not in our power to determine the most true opinions we ought to follow the most probable.”


“Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.”

“He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”


“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”

“In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.”

“Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...”


“Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.”


“People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.”

“It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more... than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what."
[
I saw hate in a graveyard -- Stephen Fry
, The Guardian, 5 June 2005]”

“You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.”

“A man without words is a man without thought.”



“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”

“When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true”

“The worst thing: to give yourself away in exchange for not enough love.”

“I look back now and realize that the gift of a true friend is that she sees you not the way you see yourself or the way others see you. A true friend sees you for who you are and who you can become.”


“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”

“People are always complaining that life's not fair, but that simply isn't true. Life is extraordinarily fair. It's just not centered on you.”


“Before you become too entranced with gorgeous gadgets and mesmerizing video displays, let me remind you that information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we need them all.”

“If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”


“I'VE LEARNED THAT YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO THINK ABOUT YOU.
THE BEST YOU CAN DO IN LIFE IS NOT PISS YOURSELF
OFF.”


“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”

“Conceit spoils the finest genius.”


“We're all fools," said Clemens, "all the time. It's just we're a different kind each day. We think, I'm not a fool today. I've learned my lesson. I was a fool yesterday but not this morning. Then tomorrow we find out that, yes, we were a fool today too. I think the only way we can grow and get on in this world is to accept the fact we're not perfect and live accordingly.”


“Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch.”

“Can you look without the voice in your head commenting, drawing conclusions, comparing, or trying to figure something out?”


“Wisdom comes through suffering.
Trouble, with its memories of pain,
Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep,
So men against their will
Learn to practice moderation.
Favours come to us from gods.”


“Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”

“Peace is not happenstance. It is a living fire that must be fed constantly. It must be tended to with vigilance, else it dies out.”


“Don't wish it was easier wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenge wish for more wisdom”

“The world is 3 days: As for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it. As for tomorrow, you may never see it. As for today, it is yours, so work on it.”

“You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.”


“The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.”

“Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain.”


“A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.”

“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”


“And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.”

“Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?”


“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”


“...Nobody knows like a woman how to say things that are both sweet and profound. Sweetness and depth, this is all of woman; this is Heaven.”



“That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.”


“Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.”

“The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them.”


“Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise; seek what they sought.”

“To hide feelings when you are near crying is the secret of dignity.”

“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”


“To be evenminded
is the greatest virtue.
Wisdom is to speak
the truth and act
in keeping with its nature.”


“No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.”


“Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.”

“Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain.”

“If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.”

“There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the midst of the battle.”


“All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, until they take root in our personal experience.”

“It can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. At this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. Or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. Until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be.”

“As for you girls, you must risk everything for Freedom, and give everything for Passion, loving everything that your hearts and your bodies love. The only thing higher for a girl and more sacred for a young woman than her freedom and her passion should be her desire to make her life into poetry, surrendering everything she has to create a life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in her imagination.”

“To wisely live your life, you don't need to know much
Just remember two main rules for the beginning:
You better starve, than eat whatever
And better be alone, than with whoever.”


“Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”

“Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.”

“We need not take refuge in supernatural gods to explain our saints and sages and heroes and statesmen, as if to explain our disbelief that mere unaided human beings could be that good or wise.”

“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”

“Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”


“أولادكم ليسوا لكم
أولادكم أبناء الحياة المشتاقة إلى نفسها, بكم يأتون إلى العالم, ولكن ليس منكم.
ومع أنهم يعيشون معكم, فهم ليسوا ملكاً لكم.
أنتم تستطيعون أن تمنحوهم محبتكم, ولكنكم لا تقدرون أن تغرسوا فيهم بذور أفكاركم, لأن لهم أفكارأً خاصةً بهم.
وفي طاقتكم أن تصنعوا المساكم لأجسادكم.
ولكن نفوسهم لا تقطن في مساكنكم.
فهي تقطن في مسكن الغد, الذي لا تستطيعون أن تزوروه حتى ولا في أحلامكم.
وإن لكم أن تجاهدوا لكي تصيروا مثلهم.
ولكنكم عبثاً تحاولون أن تجعلوهم مثلكم.
لأن الحياة لا ترجع إلى الوراء, ولا تلذ لها الإقامة في منزل الأمس.
أنتم الأقواس وأولادكم سهام حية قد رمت بها الحياة عن أقواسكم.
فإن رامي السهام ينظر العلامة المنصوبة على طريق اللانهاية, فيلويكم بقدرته لكي تكون سهامه سريعة بعيدة المدى.
لذلك, فليكن التواؤكم بين يدي رامي السهام الحكيم لأجل المسرة والغبطة.
لأنه, كما يحب السهم الذي يطير من قوسه, هكذا يحب القوس الذي يثبت بين يديه.”


“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”


“One must find the source within one's own Self, one must possess it. Everything else was seeking -- a detour, an error.”


“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”

“Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.”

“Men have two greatest fears: the first fear is the fear of being needed, and the second fear is the fear of not being needed.”

“Cleverness is not wisdom.”


“Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.”

“Education is no substitute for intelligence.”

“Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends; they wound those who resort to them worse than their enemies.”



“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”


“Gamitin ang puso para alagaan ang taong malapit sayo. Gamitin ang utak
para alagaan ang sarili mo.”

“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”


“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.”

“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”

“The path to success is to take massive, determined action.”

“Adventure is not outside man; it is within.”

“Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.”

“Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do. ”

“It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.”

“A path is made by walking on it.”

“I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.”

“He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.”

“After every storm, there is a rainbow. If you have eyes, you will find it. If you have wisdom, you will create it. If you have love for yourself and others, you won’t need it.”

“Capabilities are clearly manifested only when they have been realized.”


“If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.”

“Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.”

“Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best, he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear his shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.”

“He who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it.”


“May your feet ever walk in the light of two suns... and may the moonshadow never fall on you... ”

“In the heartfelt mercy of our God, the dawn from on high will visit us, to shine on those sitting in darkness, in the shadow of death, to guide our feet to the way of peace.”


“Lucy: You learn more when you lose
Charlie Brown: Well then I must be the smartest person in world!!!”


“Excellence/Perfection is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.”

“To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.”

“Being alive is sign of strength!”


“Mum liked to say that some things happen for a reason, that sometimes obstacles were there to stop you from doing something stupid.”


“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”

“Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”

“Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,
Love is knowing I am everything,
and between the two my life moves.”

“If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.”

“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”



“Silence does not always mark wisdom.”

“If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.”

“Realize that everything connects to everything else.”

“Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.”


“Because some things are never meant to be anything more than a moment. And that was one of them.”


“Every form of art is another way of seeing the world. Another perspective, another window. And science –that’s the most spectacular window of all. You can see the entire universe from there.”


“Fly without wings;
Dream with open eyes;
See in darkness.”

“A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.”


“Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64”


“Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.”


“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”

“For with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge the more grief.”


“In our reasonings concerning matter of fact, there are all imaginable degrees of assurance, from the highest certainty to the lowest species of moral evidence.
A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence
.”


“I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.”

“In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.”


“What happens to people living in a society where everyone in power is lying, stealing, cheating and killing, and in our hearts we all know this, but the consequences of facing all these lies are so monstrous, we keep on hoping that maybe the corporate government administration and media are on the level with us this time.
Americans remind me of survivors of domestic abuse.
This is always the hope that this is the very, very, very last time one's ribs get re-broken again. ”


“The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and
respect yourself.”

“I was tired of seeing the Graces always depicted as beautiful young things. I think wisdom comes with age and life and pain. And knowing what matters.”


“Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.”

“Imagine no limitations; decide what's right and desirable before you decide
what's possible.”

“This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!”

“Life is like a sandwich!
Birth as one slice,
and death as the other.
What you put in-between
the slices is up to you.
Is your sandwich tasty or sour?
Allan Rufus.org”

“When she was a child, my love carried a road-map in her hand the way other girls carried handkerchiefs. She always knew the way. Her feet were little wings. And her beautiful head was a compass.”

“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”

“All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.”

“I feel with some passion that what we truly are is private, and almost infinitely complex, and ambiguous, and both external and internal, and double- or triple- or multiply natured, and largely mysterious even to ourselves; and furthermore that what we are is only part of us, because identity, unlike "identity", must include what we do. And I think that to find oneself and every aspect of this complexity reduced in the public mind to one property that apparently subsumes all the rest ("gay", "black", "Muslim", whatever) is to be the victim of a piece of extraordinary intellectual vulgarity.”

“There are many goals but one path - the path of compassion.”


“Please, touch me, I pray.”



“But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.”


“Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.”


“You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.”

“Expect nothing. Live frugally
On surprise.
become a stranger
To need of pity
Or, if compassion be freely
Given out
Take only enough
Stop short of urge to plead
Then purge away the need.
Wish for nothing larger
Than your own small heart
Or greater than a star;
Tame wild disappointment
With caress unmoved and cold
Make of it a parka
For your soul.
Discover the reason why
So tiny human midget
Exists at all
So scared unwise
But expect nothing. Live frugally
On surprise.”

“If I had a shiny gun
I could have a world of fun
Speeding bullets through the brains
Of the folks that cause me pains :)”

“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”


“Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.”

“I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's
greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending
commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may
sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their
dreams from those who live in regret.”

“Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.”


“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.”


“I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.”


“The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.”

“In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.”

“Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.”

“He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.”

“The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek
opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you
desire.”

“We do learn and develop when we are exposed to those who are greater than we are. Perhaps this is the chief way we mature.”


“We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.”


“Only ignorance excuses stupidity”


“Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar.
(Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”

“It takes a lot of rehearsing for a man to be himself.”

“God is the supreme uncreated light of which Wisdom is born, but there was never a time when God's Wisdom did not exist.”


“But then one regrets the loss even of one's worst habits. Perhaps one regrets them the most. They are such an essential part of one's personality.”


“With every part you act, there must be a little of yourself in it. If there isn't, it's not acting. It's lying.”

“They'll say you are bad
or perhaps you are mad
or at least you
should stay undercover.
Your mind must be bare
if you would dare
to think you can love
more than one lover.”

“A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”

“Where are you? Here
What time is it? Now
What are you? This moment.”


“youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.”

“Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads.
Now, your Honor, you have been a boy; I have been a boy. And we have known other boys. The best way to understand somebody else is to put yourself in his place.
Is it within the realm of your imagination that a boy who was right, with all the prospects of life before him, who could choose what he wanted, without the slightest reason in the world would lure a young companion to his death, and take his place in the shadow of the gallows?
...No one who has the process of reasoning could doubt that a boy who would do that is not right.
How insane they are I care not, whether medically or legally. They did not reason; they could not reason; they committed the most foolish, most unprovoked, most purposeless, most causeless act that any two boys ever committed, and they put themselves where the rope is dangling above their heads....
Why did they kill little Bobby Franks?
Not for money, not for spite; not for hate. They killed him as they might kill a spider or a fly, for the experience. They killed him because they were made that way. Because somewhere in the infinite processes that go to the making up of the boy or the man something slipped, and those unfortunate lads sit here hated, despised, outcasts, with the community shouting for their blood.
. . . I know, Your Honor, that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that a pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without disturbing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame. I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain”


“Life moves very fast. It rushes from Heaven to Hell in a matter of seconds.”

“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”

“Chase away sorrow by living”



“If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big ‘however’- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice…and never understood the difference between the two.”


“More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them”

“Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.”


“Affliction is often that thing which prepares an ordinary person for some sort of an extraordinary destiny.”

“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”

“I like places like this," he announced.
I like old places too," Josh said, "but what's to like about a place like this?"
The king spread his arms wide. "What do you see?"
Josh made a face. "Junk. Rusted tractor, broken plow, old bike."
Ahh...but I see a tractor that was once used to till these fields. I see the plow it once pulled. I see a bicycle carefully placed out of harm's way under a table."
Josh slowly turned again, looking at the items once more.
And i see these things and I wonder at the life of the person who carefully stored the precious tractor and plow in the barn out of the weather, and placed their bike under a homemade table."
Why do you wonder?" Josh asked. "Why is it even important?"
Because someone has to remember," Gilgamesh snapped, suddenly irritated. "Some one has to remember the human who rode the bike and drove the tractor, the person who tilled the fields, who was born and lived and died, who loved and laughed and cried, the person who shivered in the cold and sweated in the sun." He walked around the barn again, touching each item, until his palm were red with rust." It is only when no one remembers, that you are truely lost. That is the true death.”


“If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.”

“She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?”


“Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeated all things.”


“We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.”

“Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”

“Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.”

“The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.”


“If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction
that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful.
If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction
that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that
you want to be like.”

“The rule of the universe is that others can do for us what we cannot do for ourselves, and one can paddle every canoe except one's own. ”

“The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you
help others, the more they will want to help you.”

“And, at such a time, for a few of us there will always be a tugging at the heart—knowing a precious moment had gone and we not there. We can ask and ask but we can’t have again what once seemed ours for ever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on belfry floor, a remembered voice, a loved face. They’ve gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass. ”


“With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.”

“well, sometimes to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.”


“Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.”


“Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances; it is your best wisdom. You expected bread and you have got a stone: break your teeth on it, and don't shriek because the nerves are martyrised; do not doubt that your mental stomach - if you have such a thing - is strong as an ostrich's; the stone will digest. You held out your hand for an egg, and fate put into it a scorpion. Show no consternation; close your fingers firmly upon the gift; let it sting through your palm. Never mind; in time, after your hand and arm have swelled and quivered long with torture, the squeezed scorpion will die, and you will have learned the great lesson how to endure without a sob.”

“You see, the best thing about wrong decisions is that they don’t prevent you from making the right decisions later on. It’s harder, but it’s not impossible.”


“Life is a journey, Frannie darling," Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you travel."
As always, I've followed Feagan's counsel.”


“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”

“It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him.
Such is the manner of our seeing. Such the conditions of our love.”


“Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country?
Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this.
Socrates: How so, Plato?
Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is a
sculptor.
Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they have
no need to be reminded.
Plato: That is correct.
Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.”


“The beginning of wisdom, as they say. When you're seventeen you know everything. When you're twenty-seven if you still know everything you're still seventeen.”


“I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”



“I don’t think it would have all got me quite so down if just once in a while—just once in a while—there was at least some polite little perfunctory implication that knowledge should lead to wisdom, and that if it doesn't, it's just a disgusting waste of time! But there never is! You never even hear any hints dropped on a campus that wisdom is supposed to be the goal of knowledge. You hardly ever even hear the word 'wisdom' mentioned!”


“I remember growing up, saying you’re an artist it sounds pretentious but now it’s one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself. ”

“Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.”

“Yeah. I mean, acknowledging is easy. Something happened or it didn't. But understanding... that's where things get sticky.”


“He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”


“The Master said, “A true teacher is one who, keeping the past alive, is also able to understand the present.”
(Analects 2.11)”

“True kindness isn't something we're born with. It's something we have to work at. Not everyone has it. But I think everyone has the potential. Sometimes you just have to look really close before you can tell it's there."-Kyoko”

“Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives
you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!”

“Don't be jealous of anyone. I guarantee you, if everyone walked into a room, and dumped their problems onto the floor, when they saw what everyone else's problems were, they'd be scrambling to get their own problems back before someone else got to them first.”


“Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.”

“Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.”

“Wisdom is one of the few things that looks bigger the further away it is.”


“اصحاب العقول الواقفة عند حرفية النص-قرانا وسنة- كثيرا ما تفلت منهم المقاصد والمنافع فيمشون على وجوههم”


“Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and importance, although
difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.”

“The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.”


“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.”


“Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession. ”

“He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.”


“When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.”

“It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.”

“The beauty of collaboration between older and younger generations is that we combine strength with wisdom—a surefire way to accomplish more for the glory of God.”

“We must not think of the things we could do with, but only of the things that we can't do without.”


“There were many terrible things in my life and most of them never happened.”

“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”

“Errors do not cease to be errors simply because they’re ratified into law.”


“She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.”

“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”

“I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time”


“Penetrate deep into the word "Om". Gradually the word will disappear and only the silence will remain. The word is a support. The meaning is within you. Om brings out that meaning which is hidden in your soul.”


“May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.”

“Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know.”

“I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”

“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”

“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.”

“God isn't the son of Memory; He's the son of Immediate Experience. You can't worship a spirit in spirit, unless you do it now. Wallowing in the past may be good literature. As wisdom, it's hopeless. Time Regained is Paradise Lost, and Time Lost is Paradise Regained. Let the dead bury their dead. If you want to live at every moment as it presents itself, you've got to die to every other moment.”



“It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important. ”

“Writing about the unholy is one way of writing about what is sacred. ”

“Aw I don't wanta go to no such thing, I just wanta drink in alleys.'...
But you'll miss all that, just for some old wine.'
There's wisdom in wine, goddam it!' I yelled. 'Have a shot!”


“To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.”

“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”

“Praise not the day until evening has come, a woman until she is burnt, a sword until it is tried, a maiden until she is married, ice until it has been crossed, beer until it has been drunk.”


“The image isn't reality. Even though we're used to thinking that way alot of the time. We show a kid a picture of a dog and say 'This is a doggie' - but it's not. It's just an image.”


“Granny was an old-fashioned witch. She didn’t do good for people, she did right by them.”


“I'm not sure why I've decided to do this. I'm not any stronger than I was, and nothing else has changed. But all the same, this time I'm not going to run away. It's okay to feel weak sometimes. It's okay to be afraid. The important thing is that we face our fears. That's what makes us strong."-Yuki”

“No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from
scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who
have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve
our goals.”

“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”


“Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears.”

“People ought to fight
to keep their law
as to defend the citys walls.”


“I am so wise I had my mouth sewn shut.”

“Advice," Doña Vorchenza chuckled. "Advice. The years play a sort of alchemical trick, transmuting one's mutterings to a state of respectability. Give advice at forty and you're a nag. Give it at seventy and you're a sage.”


“Don't you notice that there are particular moments when you are naturally inspired to introspection? Work with them gently, for these are the moments when you can go through a powerful experience, and your whole worldview can change quickly.”

“Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.”

“It seems wisest to assume the worst from the beginning...and let anything better come as a surprise.”


“You can never know everything. Part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of knowledge lies in going on anyway.”

“There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.”


“Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.”

“Wise men profit more by fools than fools by wise men.”

“The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.”

“It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?”


“[
The Old Astronomer to His Pupil
]
Reach me down my
, I would know him when we meet,
When I share my later science, sitting humbly at his feet;
He may know the law of all things, yet be ignorant of how
We are working to completion, working on from then to now.
Pray remember that I leave you all my theory complete,
Lacking only certain data for your adding, as is meet,
And remember men will scorn it, 'tis original and true,
And the obloquy of newness may fall bitterly on you.
But, my pupil, as my pupil you have learned the worth of scorn,
You have laughed with me at pity, we have joyed to be forlorn,
What for us are all distractions of men's fellowship and smiles;
What for us the Goddess Pleasure with her meretricious smiles.
You may tell that German College that their honor comes too late,
But they must not waste repentance on the grizzly savant's fate.
Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light;
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
What, my boy, you are not weeping? You should save your eyes for sight;
You will need them, mine observer, yet for many another night.
I leave none but you, my pupil, unto whom my plans are known.
You 'have none but me,' you murmur, and I 'leave you quite alone'?
Well then, kiss me, -- since my mother left her blessing on my brow,
There has been a something wanting in my nature until now;
I can dimly comprehend it, -- that I might have been more kind,
Might have cherished you more wisely, as the one I leave behind.
I 'have never failed in kindness'? No, we lived too high for strife,--
Calmest coldness was the error which has crept into our life;
But your spirit is untainted, I can dedicate you still
To the service of our science: you will further it? you will!
There are certain calculations I should like to make with you,
To be sure that your deductions will be logical and true;
And remember, 'Patience, Patience,' is the watchword of a sage,
Not to-day nor yet to-morrow can complete a perfect age.
I have sown, like
, that a greater man may reap;
But if none should do my reaping, 'twill disturb me in my sleep
So be careful and be faithful, though, like me, you leave no name;
See, my boy, that nothing turn you to the mere pursuit of fame.
I must say Good-bye, my pupil, for I cannot longer speak;
Draw the curtain back for Venus, ere my vision grows too weak:
It is strange the pearly planet should look red as fiery Mars,--
God will mercifully guide me on my way amongst the stars.”



“To acquire knowledge, one must study;
but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.”

“The most complicated skill is to be simple.”

“Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.”

“If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.”


“Imagine others complexly.”


“Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters. Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome. Terrify and terrific. Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation.”

“Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives.”

“Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing.
If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.”

“I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.”


“When Don Quixote went out into the world, that world turned into a mystery before his eyes. That is the legacy of the first European novel to the entire subsequent history of the novel. The novel teaches us to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude.”


“I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.”


“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”

“When you assume you make a you-know-what out of U and me. Yep, so let's stop assuming so much. We are often quick to explain details to strangers, who we understand might not be reading our minds, but we often assume that those people closest to us, those who share our household such as spouses, children parents and siblings, can read our minds. And we get upset with them when they don't go figure.
I wonder how many angry words are directed not at an action or inaction as would at first appear, but simply at the fact that somebody did not read our minds.
So let's give those people we care most about the benefit of the doubt and do a little less assuming and a little more explaining.”

“Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.”

“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”


“He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.”


“re-examine all you have been told in school or church or in any book, and dismiss whatever insults your own soul; and your very flesh shall be a great poem, and have the richest fluency, not only in its words, but in the silent lines of its lips and face, and between the lashes of your eyes, and in every motion and joint of your body.
[From the preface to Leaves Grass]”


“It is very hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal."
Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said: "It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in the adventure before us.”


“We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.”

“A NATION'S GREATNESS DEPENDS ON ITS LEADER
To vastly improve your country and truly make it great again, start by choosing a better leader. Do not let the media or the establishment make you pick from the people they choose, but instead choose from those they do not pick. Pick a leader from among the people who is heart-driven, one who identifies with the common man on the street and understands what the country needs on every level. Do not pick a leader who is only money-driven and does not understand or identify with the common man, but only what corporations need on every level.
Pick a peacemaker. One who unites, not divides. A cultured leader who supports the arts and true freedom of speech, not censorship. Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
Most importantly, a great leader must serve the best interests of the people first, not those of multinational corporations. Human life should never be sacrificed for monetary profit. There are no exceptions. In addition, a leader should always be open to criticism, not silencing dissent. Any leader who does not tolerate criticism from the public is afraid of their dirty hands to be revealed under heavy light. And such a leader is dangerous, because they only feel secure in the darkness. Only a leader who is free from corruption welcomes scrutiny; for scrutiny allows a good leader to be an even greater leader.
And lastly, pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.”


“Bitter your acts, bitter am I,
Kindness your deeds, kindness am I,
Pleasant and gentle, so you are,
Fine honeyed lips and sweet talker.”


“There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.”


“Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.”

“Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.”


“I believe it is the mark of a great leader to question the decisions that came before him.”


“I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived. I believe that all the best faculties of a mature human being exist in the child. . . . that one of the most deeply human, and humane, of these faculties is the power of imagination.”


“If I’d stayed there, would I always have been happy? No, I suppose not. People move away, grow older, die, and the bright belief that there will be another marvelous thing around each corner fades. It is now or never; we must snatch at happiness as it flies.”


“Age is a hell of a price to pay for wisdom”

“The light of compassion opens the petals of the heart. When the petals of the heart unfold fragrance spreads across the valley.”


“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”



“Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.”


“To hate others is ugly.
To hate yourself is uglier.”


“No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.”


“At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.”

“A man convinced against his will
Is of the same opinion still”


“Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases...When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose...But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.”


“The fates lead him who will; him who won't they drag.”

“The ORDINARY RESPONSE TO ATROCITIES is to banish them from consciousness. Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable.
Atrocities, however, refuse to be buried. Equally as powerful as the desire to deny atrocities is the conviction that denial does not work. Folk wisdom is filled with ghosts who refuse to rest in their graves until their stories are told. Murder will out. Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites both for the restoration of the social order and for the healing of individual victims.
The conflict between the will to deny horrible events and the will to proclaim them aloud is the central dialectic of psychological trauma. People who have survived atrocities often tell their stories in a highly emotional, contradictory, and fragmented manner that undermines their credibility and thereby serves the twin imperatives of truth-telling and secrecy. When the truth is finally recognized, survivors can begin their recovery. But far too often secrecy prevails, and the story of the traumatic event surfaces not as a verbal narrative but as a symptom.
The psychological distress symptoms of traumatized people simultaneously call attention to the existence of an unspeakable secret and deflect attention from it. This is most apparent in the way traumatized people alternate between feeling numb and reliving the event. The dialectic of trauma gives rise to complicated, sometimes uncanny alterations of consciousness, which George Orwell, one of the committed truth-tellers of our century, called "doublethink," and which mental health professionals, searching for calm, precise language, call "dissociation." It results in protean, dramatic, and often bizarre symptoms of hysteria which Freud recognized a century ago as disguised communications about sexual abuse in childhood. . . .”


“أمران سيجعلانك أكثر حكمة...
الكتب التى تقرؤها والأشخاص الذين تلتقى بهم.”


“Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”

“If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”

“Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now...”

“The revolution is not an apple that falls when ripe. You have to make it fall.”

“My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.”

“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”

“Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.”


“Yoga is the cessation of the movements of the mind. Then there is abiding in the Seer's own form.”


“A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.”


“I know a girl from whose body sunbeams rose to the clouds as if they’d fallen from the sun.
Her laugh was like a bangle of bells.
“Your hair is wet,” I told her one day, “Did you take a bath?”
“It is dew!” she laughed, “I’ve been lying in the grass. All morning long, I lay here waiting for the dawn.”

“It don't do you no nevermind to tell nobody nothing.”

“Common sense will nearly always stand you in better stead than a slavish adherence to the conventions.”


“All you can do is make your decisions based on what you know now.”


“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”

“What good is power when you're too wise to use it?”


“The man armed with knowledge has a better chance of survival than the man who is simply the fittest. Knowledge is the true strength. Muscle is where the myth is.”


“Don't forget to love yourself.”

“Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others.”

“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”

“Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.”


“People are always worried about what's happening next. They often find it difficult to stand still, to occupy the now without worrying about the future. People are generally not satisfied with what they have; they are very concerned with what they are going to have.”



“They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.”


“The sun always shines above the clouds.”

“for a woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea”

“Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.”


“I've learned .... That opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss.”

“He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.”


“Despite popular belief to the contrary, there is absolutely no power in intention. The seagull may intend to fly away, may decide to do so, may talk with the other seagulls about how wonderful it is to fly, but until the seagull flaps his wings and takes to the air, he is still on the dock. There’s no difference between that gull and all the others. Likewise, there is no difference in the person who intends to do things differently and the one who never thinks about it in the first place. Have you ever considered how often we judge ourselves by our intentions while we judge others by their actions? Yet intention without action is an insult to those who expect the best from you.”


“There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
Rough-hew them how we will.”


“Most women go through life looking for love, and looking for someone to treat them like a queen. For some women finding real love seems to be something that will never happen. I believe that finding love is not as hard as people make it seem. The reason that some women can't find real love is because they look for more than just real love. A lot of women know what they need in a relationship, and thats for a man to love that woman with all of his heart, and to treat her real good. Most women have guys in their life or guys that try to get with them that could really love them and treat them real good. Those are usually the guys that get forced into that friend zone or rejected upfront. See those guys could give them what they need, but not what they want. “Wants” can be anything from a woman wanting a man to have certain materialistic things, or she could want him to look a certain way, those are a few examples of the things that some of them want, but they vary depending on the female. What some females don't understand is that none of the things that they want has anything with love or how that person will treat you. You could find a man that looks perfect, has a house and car, he can be a college graduate with a good job, and you could still end up being with a person that doesn't truly love you, and will treat you like shit. What I am trying to say is that the person who could treat you good and really love you could already be in your life, but you could have been blinded by the things you want in a man so you overlooked the person that you were really looking for. And by the way there are men that do the same thing; I just wanted to be clear on that.”

“Dreams are the bright creatures of poem and legend, who sport on earth in the night season, and melt away in the first beam of the sun, which lights grim care and stern reality on their daily pilgrimage through the world.”


“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”

“If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.”


“It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.”

“Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.”

“No one believes a liar even when he tells the truth”

“Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.”

“A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.”

“If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck”

“Your biggest opportunity probably lies under your own feet, in your current
job, industry, education, experience or interests.”

“Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.”


“This is what we are like. Collectively as a species, this is our emotional landscape. I met an old lady once, almost 100 years old, and she told me, "There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge? Everything else is somehow manageable. But these two questions of love and control undo us all, trip us up and cause war, grief, and suffering.”


“
Wisdom
When I have ceased to break my wings
Against the faultiness of things,
And learned that compromises wait
Behind each hardly opened gate,
When I can look Life in the eyes,
Grown calm and very coldly wise,
Life will have given me the Truth,
And taken in exchange -- my youth.”


“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”

“اود ان اقول لك: ان بعد كل خيار هناك خيارات اخرى.. حياتنا هذه ليست خيارا واحدا نؤديه ونستسلم بعدها لكل ما يحدث بنا. حياتنا ليست مفترق طريق منفرد و وحيد نختار اي جهة سنسلك وينتهي الامر بعدها.. ابدا.. كل خيار يفتح سلسلة من الخيارات. وكل مفترق طريق يحوي خلفه سلسلة من مفترقات طرق.. وفي كل خطوة من خطوات حياتنا يوجد قدران، نختار واحدا منهما بملء ارادتنا..”


“The future will be what it will, and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.”


“La rutina no está tanto en las cosas como en nuestra incapacidad para crear a cada momento un vínculo original con ellas, en nuestra tendencia a leerlas por la falsilla de lo rutinario, de lo ya aprendido. Hay que seguir dejando siempre abierta la puerta al cuarto de jugar.”


“True wisdom gives the only possible answer at any given moment, and that night, going back to bed was the only possible answer.”


“When you know the knower within, you don't need to know further. When you know the meditator within, you don't need to meditate further. When you truly know the worshiper in you, you are to be worshiped.”


“Science is observing truth in the light of head. Religion is observing truth in the light of heart. Humanity is using both the lights. And education is developing that humanity.”

“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”



“We're on the same boat but in different cabin”


“…a man should say to his soul every morning, "God has given thee twenty-four treasures; take heed lest thou lose anyone of them, for thou wilt not be able to endure the regret that will follow such loss.”


“When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.”


“A person is a person through other persons.
None of us comes into the world fully formed. We would not know how to think, or walk, or speak, or behave as human beings unless we learned it from other human beings. We need other human beings in order to be human. I am because other people are. A person is entitled to a stable community life, and the first of these communities is the family.”

“The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.”

“Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.”


“Knowledge is merely brilliance in organization of ideas and not wisdom. The truly wise person goes beyond knowledge.”

“To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.”

“Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.”

“My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.”


“Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.”


“One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.”


“Old men tend to forget what thought was like in their youth; they forget the quickness of the mental jump, the daring of the youthful intuition, the agility of the fresh insight. They become accustomed to the more plodding varieties of reason, and because this is more than made up by the accumulation of experience, old men think themselves wiser than the young.”


“the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.”

“To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.”

“While it is true that most people never see or understand the difference they make, or sometimes only imagine their actions having a tiny effect, every single action a person takes has far-reaching consequences.”


“Intelligence alone is not nearly enough when it comes to acting wisely.”


“Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.”


“من لم يتحرر من الاكراه في صورتيه: اكراه الاخر والخضوع للاخر، لايستطيع فهم هذا الدين وتمثيله”


“All our wisdom is stored in the trees.”

“Its more than a simple belief that there is good and that it should fight the evil in the world. It's a personification of Light and Darkness at their most elemental level, as forces that are so absorbed with themselves that one cannot exist without the other though they constantly try to consume one another. One of the earliest repersentations of Light and Darkness was of Light being a massive black bull and Darkness being an enormous white bull.”


“Suffering teaches joy.”

“Wisdom is the daughter of experience”

“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”

“In a dark time, the eye begins to see.”

“The thing about living alone is that it gives you a lot of time to think. You don't necessarily reach any conclusions, because wisdom is largely a function of intelligence and self-awareness, not time on your hands. But you do become very good at thinking yourself into endless loops of desperation in half the time it would take a normal person.”


“Not only do you become what you think about, but the world also becomes what you think about. Those who think that the world is a dark place are blind to the light that might illuminate their lives. Those who see the light of the world view the dark spots as merely potential light.”

“The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.”


“Be first the master of yourself”


“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”



“There are people in the world, who are just wrong, and then there are the masses of population that are right, or at the very least they lie in the veil of between. I on the other hand, do not belong to any group. I don’t exist. It’s not that I don’t have substance; I have a body like everyone else. I can feel the fire when it burns against my skin, the rain when it caresses my face and the breeze as it fingers my hair. I have all the senses that other people do. I am just empty, inside.”


“A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.”

“I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.”

“We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives...not looking for flaws, but for potential.”

“The wise man knows that it is better to sit on the banks of a remote mountain stream than to be emperor of the whole world.”

“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”

“Most women had the one thing in common: they had great pain when they gave birth to their children. This should make a bond that held them all together; it should make them love and protect each other against the man-world. But it was not so. It seemed like their great birth pains shrank their hearts and their souls. They stuck together for only one thing: to trample on some other woman... whether it was by throwing stones or by mean gossip. It was the only kind of loyalty they seemed to have. Men were different. They might hate each other but they stuck together against the world and against any woman who would ensnare one of them.”


“When I touched her body,
I believed she was God.
In the curves of her form
I found the birth of Man,
the creation of the world,
and the origin of all life.”

“How many people you bless is how you measure success”

“A good traveler leaves no tracks. Good speech lacks fault-finding.”

“There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.”

“There's a thin line between genius and bottom-barrel stupidness. I hover delicately on a tightrope between the two, wondering where I'll land if I'll ever fall.”


“See, the ‘small stuff’ is what makes up the larger picture of our lives. Many people are like you, young man. But their perspective is distorted. They ignore ‘small stuff,’ claiming to have an eye on the bigger picture, never understanding that the bigger picture is composed of nothing more than-are you ready?- ‘small stuff’.”


“Not all men (and especially the wisest) share the opinion that it is bad for women to be educated. But it is very true that many foolish men have claimed this because it displeased them that women knew more than they did.”


“You have a great heart, but will only find it to be so through great pain. This is the wisdom of love, and its doubtful gift. . . . I have endured much suffering and still remain unbitter and unclosed.”


“Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and
farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your
thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.”


“If you are not vegan, please consider going vegan. It’s a matter of nonviolence. Being vegan is your statement that you reject violence to other sentient beings, to yourself, and to the environment, on which all sentient beings depend.”

“To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.”

“After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.”

“In art, and maybe just in general, the idea is to be able to be really comfortable with contradictory ideas. In other words, wisdom might be, seem to be, two contradictory ideas both expressed at their highest level and just let to sit in the same cage sort of, vibrating. So, I think as a writer, I'm really never sure of what I really believe.”

“A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see”


“Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results.”

“You'd be surprised how easy some things can be, things you never thought you'd do, when you take self-respect out of the equation.”

“the only way in which a human being can make some approach to knowing the whole of a subject, is by hearing what can be said about it by persons of every variety of opinion, and studying all modes in which it can be looked at by every character of mind. No wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.”


“Compassion is all inclusive. Compassion knows no boundaries. Compassion comes with awareness, and awareness breaks all narrow territories.”


“Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.”


“Your teacher might be a child who takes you by the hand and asks you a question that you hadn't considered before, and your answer to the child is your answer to yourself.”

“That man is best who sees the truth himself. Good too is he who listens to wise counsel. But who is neither wise himself nor willing to ponder wisdom is not worth a straw.”

“Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?”

“But goodness alone is never enough. A hard, cold wisdom is required for goodness to accomplish good. Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.”



“For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.”


“The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes—very rarely—impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.”

“Life's managed, not cured. ”

“The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.”


“Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.”

“If what you seek is Truth, there is one thing you must have above all else.” “I know. An overwhelming passion for it.” “No. An unremitting readiness to admit you may be wrong.”

“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”


“Routine feeds the illusion of safety...”


“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”

“A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?"
Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.”


“The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.”


“He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.”


“How will you know the difficulties of being human, if you are always flying off to blue perfection? Where will you plant your grief seeds? Workers need ground to scrape and hoe, not the sky of unspecified desire.”

“
In meditation we discover our inherent restlessness. Sometimes we get up and leave. Sometimes we sit there but our bodies wiggle and squirm and our minds go far away. This can be so uncomfortable that we feel’s it’s impossible to stay. Yet this feeling can teach us not just about ourselves but what it is to be human…we really don’t want to stay with the nakedness of our present experience. It goes against the grain to stay present. These are the times when only gentleness and a sense of humor can give us the strength to settle down…so whenever we wander off, we gently encourage ourselves to “stay” and settle down. Are we experiencing restlessness? Stay! Are fear and loathing out of control? Stay! Aching knees and throbbing back? Stay! What’s for lunch? Stay! I can’t stand this another minute! Stay!”
”


“To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom.”

“At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in; finally, the ability to speak from the heart with love and compassion.”


“Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.”


“When I think of talking, it is of course with a woman. For talking at its best being an inspiration, it wants a corresponding divine quality of receptiveness, and where will you find this but in a woman?”

“The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.”

“He who dares not offend cannot be honest.”

“a wise woman puts a grain of sugar in everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.”

“They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason... we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!”

“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”


“We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”


“Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn how
to untangle the threads and weave a tapestry that matches your desires.”

“For us lads of eighteen they ought to have been mediators and guides to the world of maturity, the world of work, of duty, of culture, of progress -- to the future.”


“After his experience with Minos, Nico realized that most spectres held only as much power as you allowed them to have. They pried into your mind, using fear or anger or longing to influence you. Nico had learned to shield himself. Sometimes he could even turn the tables and bend ghosts to his will.”


“The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try”


“You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.”


“I'm not lost, because I haven't any idea where to go that I might get lost on the way to. I'd
like
to get lost, because then I'd know where I was going, you see.”



“You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.”


“Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.”


“...unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”


“I would rather carry around a plastic bag with five thousand Euro inside, than carry around a Louis Vuitton/Gucci/Prada bag with only one hundred Euro inside!”

“You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide.
No guide, that is, but courage”


“The more you know, the less you need.”


“It was not curiosity that killed the goose who laid the golden egg, but an insatiable greed that devoured common sense.”


“You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.”

“Perhaps wisdom is simply a matter of waiting, and healing a question of time. And anything good you've ever been given is yours forever.
”

“Purity of heart is what enables us to see.”


“When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.”


“We don't want to think about our weaknesses. We don't want to talk about them, and we certainly don't want anyone else to point them out. This is a classic sign of mediocrity, and this mediocrity has a firm grip on the Church and humanity at this moment in history.”


“There are two words that you should use frequently in your youth: ´sorry´ and ´thank-you´. Use the first one as often as possible, so that on your death bed all that you have to say to your friends is ´thank-you!´.”

“The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.”

“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”

“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”

“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”


“It is born in mind that the tragedy of life does not lie in not reaching the goal. The tragedy of life lies in having no goal to reach.”

“The next best thing to being wise oneself is to live in a circle of those who are.”

“There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the road.”


“Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.”


“The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.”

“Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired.”


“Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?”


“Sure, it was your idea and your fly, but he caught the big fish. Remember, fairness is a human idea largely unknown in nature.”


“The fear of God is not the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the death of wisdom. Skepticism and doubt lead to study and investigation, and investigation is the beginning of wisdom.”


“The idea of authority, which they represented, was associated in our minds with a greater insight and a more humane wisdom.”


“Nico knew something about ghosts. Letting them get inside your head was dangerous. He wanted to help Reyna, but since his own strategy was to deal with his problems alone, spurning anyone who tried to get close, he couldn’t exactly criticize Reyna for doing the same thing.”


“To better understand God we must first shatter our own idea of God - maybe even day after day. Maybe he's too great to stay compressed in the human mind. Maybe he splits it wide open; this is why pretentious intellectualism so often fails to comprehend the concept of God: it is only accepting of what it can explain while in the process finding higher sources offensive. What we may confidently assert is that faith is the opening that allows God, this unpredictable, unseen power, to travel in and out of the mind without all the pains of confusion.”


“Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.”

“Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination”

“He who binds to himself a joy
Does the winged life destroy;
But he who kisses the joy as it flies
Lives in eternity's sun rise.”

“If we only fell in love with people who were perfect for us...then there wouldn't be so much fuss about love in the first place.”



“قهوتك يجب أن تكون كما تحب!
“معظم الناس الذين يريدون أن يحققوا شيئا في حياتهم يركزون على نقاط ضعفهم،ويحاولون طوال حياتهم جاهدين تقويتها متناسين في نفس الوقت نقاط قوتهم , وتكون النتيجة أن تقوى نقاط ضعفهم لتوازي نقاط قوتهم التي تبقى على حالها، ليصبح الإنسان شخصا عاديًا . ” ياسر حارب*”


“I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.”

“There are two kinds of fools. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.”


“Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”


“To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)”


“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers
[novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too...
(~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)”


“Misfortunes make us wise”


“Ordinary people merely think how they shall 'spend' their time; a man of talent tries to 'use' it.”

“Lady Wisdom will be your close friend; and Brother Knowledge will be your pleasant companion.”


“A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.”


“Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing
difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is
simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.”

“Grown people know that they do not always know the way of things, and even if they think they know, they do not know where and how they got the proof.”


“In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.”


“what's right? If you want something, you have the right to take it. If you want to do something, you have the right to do it.”

“A shade of sorrow passed over Taliesin's face. 'There are those,' he said gently, 'who must first learn loss, despair, and grief. Of all paths to wisdom, this is the cruelest and longest. Are you one who must follow such a way? This even I cannot know. If you are, take heart nonetheless. Those who reach the end do more than gain wisdom. As rough wool becomes cloth, and crude clay a vessel, so do they change and fashion wisdom for others, and what they give back is greater than what they won.”


“The modern ignorance is in people's assumption that they can outsmart their own nature. It is in the arrogance that will believe nothing that cannot be proved, and respect nothing it cannot understand, and value nothing it cannot sell . . . The
next
hard time is just as real to him as the last, and so is the next blessing. The new ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is what it is. It is less humble, more foolish and frivolous, more dangerous. A man, Old Jack thinks, has no choice but to be ignorant, but he does not have to be a fool. He can know his place, and he can stay in it and be faithful.”

“The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason.”

“Only a female could be as calculating and have the foresight that destiny requires,' the gypsy explained. 'Now fate is a man,' he went on, 'no planning, just go with the flow and see what tomorrow brings.”


“learn from the past live in the present plan for the future”

“The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it or to escape what is bad in it but we will escape it only by adding something better to it.”

“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”

“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”


“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline."
Proverbs 1:7 NLT”

“Give me the facts and I will determine my own truths.”

“If you look around to find meaning in everything that happens, you will end up disappointed. Sometimes there aren’t reasons behind the terrible things that go on. I ask myself, If I knew all the answers, would it help? I lie awake and wonder why I don’t have parents and wonder what will become of my brother and me. But when the morning comes, I realize that there’s nothing to be done about what has already happened. I can only get up and do my chores and push through the day and find the good in it.”


“When I start a new seminar I tell my students that I will undoubtedly contradict myself, and that I will mean both things. But an acceptance of contradiction is no excuse for fuzzy thinking. We do have to use our minds as far as they will take us, yet acknowledge that they cannot take us all the way.”


“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”



“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”

“In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.”

“The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego.”

“I observe and remain silent.”

“Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.”

“When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.”


“To know when to be generous and when firm—that is wisdom.”

“Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!”

“It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.”


“Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.”


“They say that patriotism is the last refuge to which a scoundrel clings steal a little and they throw you in jail. Steal a lot and then they make you king.”

“Our wisdom comes from our experience,
and our experience comes from our foolishness.”

“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...”


“It is a common sentence that knowledge is power; but who hath duly considered or set forth the power of ignorance? Knowledge slowly builds up what ignorance in an hour pulls down.”


“Men must endure
Their going hence, even as their coming hither.
Ripeness is all.”


“Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.”

“While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.”

“When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation can really be a bad one.”

“Don't assume the world evolved in the order in which you discovered it.”

“Wisdom can be gathered on your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. Of course, bad information is gathered in your downtime too. Bad information that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. One of wisdom's greatest benefits, is accurate discernment- the learned ability to immediately tell right from wrong. Good from evil. Acceptable from unacceptable. Time well spent from time wasted. The right decision from the wrong decision. And many times this is simply a matter of having the correct perspective. One way to define wisdom is THE ABILITY TO SEE, INTO THE FUTURE, THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES IN THE PRESENT. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like... with a degree of intelligence and a hint of wisdom, most people can tell the difference between good and bad. However, it takes a truly wise person to discern the oh-so-thin line between good and best. And that line...[gives you the] perspective that allows you to see clearly the long-term consequences of your choices. ”


“The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies; but the species, that dies not, reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence.”


“Once a wolf, always a wolf.”


“When we search for "ourselves" in the eyes of others, we have imprisoned our own-selves in believing that our self-worth is nothing unless others validate who we are. Unless we approve of whom we are, what we are, and what we are capable of doing as an individual, only then we will have released "ourselves" from our own imprisonment. We are in charge of our own life's destiny and what we do and become can only be validated by our accomplishments and failures; not by what others may think of us.”


“Every concept of reality is all in our head, belief is what makes truth.”

“Success equals goals; all else is commentary.
”

“What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free of
attachment to the good experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.”

“Tell no man anything, for no man listens
Yet hold thy lips ready to speak.”

“Are we being good ancestors?”

“She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom
shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”


“A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.”



“Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance.”


“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”

“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”

“A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and
understanding.”


“Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.”

“Good morning," said the little prince.
Good morning," said the merchant.
This was a merchant who sold pills that had been invented to quench thirst. You need only swallow one pill a week, and you would feel no need for anything to drink.
Why are you selling those?" asked the little prince.
Because they save a tremendous amount of time," said the merchant. "Computations have been made by experts. With these pills, you save fifty-three minutes in every week."
And what do I do with those fifty-three minutes?"
Anything you like..."
As for me," said the little prince to himself, "if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water.”


“Burn worldly love,
rub the ashes and make ink of it,
make the heart the pen,
the intellect the writer,
write that which has no end or limit.”


“Never pause unless you have a reason for it, but when you pause, pause as long as you can.”


“Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.”


“Words
are powerful
forces of nature.
they are destruction.
they are nourishment.
they are flesh.
they are water.
they are flowers
and bone.
they burn. they cleanse
they erase. they etch.
they can either
leave you
feeling
homeless
or brimming
with home.”

“I didn't set out to discover a truth. I was actually sent to the Outer Fringes to conduct a chair census and learn some humility. But the truth inevitably found me, as important truths often do, like a lost thought in need of a mind.”


“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”

“It is a disaster that wisdom forbids you to be satisfied with yourself and always sends you away dissatisfied and fearful, whereas stubbornness and foolhardiness fill their hosts with joy and assurance.”


“Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill because they pissed me off!
”

“You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”


“Don't let others box you into their idea of what they think you should be. A confined identity is a miserable way to exist. Be you and live free. Trust that in living true to yourself, you will attract people that support and love you, just as you are.”

“Perhaps the hardest lesson to learn is not to be attached to the results of your actions.”

“There are questions I'm still not wise enough to answer, just wise enough to no longer ask.”

“Before, you are wise; after, you are wise. In between you are otherwise”


“Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth. ”

“There is no competition of sounds between a nightingale and a violin.”

“To become a true global citizen, one must abandon all notions of 'otherness' and instead embrace 'togetherness'. The world is no longer white, black, yellow and brown. Through love, tribes have been intermixing colors to reveal a new rainbow world. And as more time passes, this racial and cultural blending will make it harder for humans to side with one race, nation or religion over another. Therefore, practical wisdom should be used to abandon any cultural, social, religious, tribal, and national beliefs of alterity altogether. This is the only way mankind will truly evolve. Segregation is a word of the past. Unity is the key to a peaceful future.”


“Philosophers have often held dispute
As to the seat of thought in man and brute
For that the power of thought attends the latter
My friend, thy beau, hath made a settled matter,
And spite of dogmas current in all ages,
One settled fact is better than ten sages. (O,Tempora! O,Mores!)”


“Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.”


“Perhaps there is supranatural: reason beyond the normal definitions of fact or data-based logic; something that only makes sense if you can see a bigger picture of reality. Maybe that is where faith fits in.”


“....it is of the very essence of Christianity to face suffering and death not because they are good, not because they have meaning, but because the resurrection of Jesus has robbed them of their meaning.”

“كم نميل الى تذكر الاشياء بصورة مثالية لمجرد ان انتهاءها يستدعى منا المزيد من اللطف حيالها , مندرجين تحت طائلة "اذكروا محاسن موتاكم”


“I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more /the feeling that I could last for ever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men; the deceitful feeling that lures us on to joys, to perils, to love, to vain effort /to death; the triumphant conviction of strength, the heat of life in the handful of dust, the glow in the heart that with every year grows dim, grows cold, grows small, and expires /and expires, too soon, too soon /before life itself”

“Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows.”

“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”

“At times the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles. Friend, client, child, sickness, fear, want, charity, all knock at once at thy closet door and say,—'Come out unto us.' But keep thy state; come not into their confusion. The power men possess to annoy me I give them by a weak curiosity. No man can come near me but through my act.”



“Journeys end in lovers meeting,
Every wise man's son doth know.”


“Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.”

“Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.”

“انني احترم حق كل انسان في ان يؤمن بما يعتقد انه الصواب، وانتظر أن أعامل بالمثل.”

“It is the destiny of the weak to be devoured by the strong.”

“People of limited intelligence are fond of talking about "these days," imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of "these days" and that human nature changes with the times.”

“You tell me: 'Life is hard to bear.' But if it were otherwise why should you have your pride in the morning and your resignation in the evening?
Life is hard to bear: but do not pretend to be so tender! We are all of us pretty fine asses and asseses of burden!”


“Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.”

“Pull the string and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.”

“But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.”

“The notion of freedom proclaimed by the modern world is anti-discipline. But true freedom cannot be separated from discipline.”


“مهما كان توجهك في الحياة حاول في كل يوم أن تبذل القليل من الجهد لقراءة المقالات أو الكتب التي تخالفك الرأي وكل ما تفعله هو توسيع مدراكك وفتح قلبك أمام الجديد من الأفكار وسيقلل هذا الإنفتاح الجديد من التوتر الذي يسببه الإبتعاد عن وجهات النظر الأخرى وهذا التمرين بالإضافة إلى كونه شائقاً سوف يساعدك على رؤية البراءة في تصرفات الغير علاوة على مساعدتك في التحلي بالمزيد من الصبر كما سيزداد استرخاؤك وتصبح إنساناً أعمق فلسفة لأنك ستبدأ بإدراك المنطق وراء وجهات النظر الأخرى.”

“It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...”


“They were quiet for a while, eating, then Oromis asked, "Can you tell me, What is the most important mental tool a person can possess?"
It was a serious question, and Eragon considered it for a reasonable span before he ventured to say, "Determination."
Oromis tore the loaf in half with his long white fingers. "I can understand why you arrived at that conclusion-determination has served you well in your adventures-but no. I meant the tool most necessary to choose the best course of action in any given situation. Determination is as common among men who are dull and foolish as it is among those who are brilliant intellects. So, no, determination cannot be what we're looking for.”


“A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...”


“The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.”


“why can't we control our anger? because we love perfection. make a little room for imperfection in our lives.”

“All pain is the same.”

“The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.”

“Ask a deeply religious Christian if he’d rather live next to a bearded Muslim that may or may not be plotting a terror attack, or an atheist that may or may not show him how to set up a wireless network in his house. On the scale of prejudice, atheists don’t seem so bad lately.”

“Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent. ”

“In the long run what people think about shepherds and bakers becomes more important for them than their own destinies.”

“[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love.
When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action.
She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.”


“Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.”

“If you rest, you rust.”

“A lot of young girls think that the opposite of fake is rudeness. And just as ugly as fake is, so is saying whatever is on your mind because it's the truth.”

“For my own part, I tend to find the doctrinal books often more helpful in devotion than the devotional books, and I rather suspect that the same experience may await others. I believe that many who find that ‘nothing happens’ when they sit down, or kneel down, to a book of devotion, would find that the heart sings unbidden while they are working their way through a tough bit of theology with a pipe in their teeth and a pencil in their hand.”


“We tend to live up to our expectations.”

“Don't believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts.”



“From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.”


“The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.”


“Hats have power. Hats can change you into someone else.”


“Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.”

“Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.”


“Each person you meet
is an aspect of yourself,
clamoring for love.”

“Talk is free but the wise man chooses when to spend his words.”


“If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.”


“I've been the oldest child since before you were born”


“The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.”
(August 9, 1955)”

“TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little,
Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,
Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty.”


“Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.”


“Cricket Bell.” I smiled into my phone. “How did you get so wise?”


“The human person finds his perfection "in seeking and loving what is true and good.”

“The fool who knows his folly
Becomes wise by that fact.
But the fool who thinks he's wise -
He's called 'a fool' indeed!”


“For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.”

“Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. ”

“Money is the root of all evil.' Then we hear, 'A fool and his money are soon parted.' What are they talking about? If money is so evil, shouldn't it be, 'A wise man and his money are soon parted'? And another thing, how does a fool get money in the first place? I know some fools who have a lot of money, but they won't tell me how they got it, and I won't tell them.”


“Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness; it is inherently rational and comprehensive of the problem within the problem: for instance, envy is one of the most excused sins in the media of political correctness. Those you find most attractive, or seem to have it all, are often some of the most insecure at heart, and that is because people assume that they do not need anything but defamation.”


“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”

“People talk to old people like they're children.'Oh you're very old aren't you?' Yeah I'm old. I'm not stupid.”

“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”

“Happiness is never there to stay [...] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”


“The only way to move from your reality to God’s reality is through people who love you.”

“What should I do—how should I act now, this very day . . . What she would resolve to do that day did not yet seem quite clear, but something that she could achieve stirred her as with an approaching murmur which would soon gather distinctness.”

“Incredibly intelligent people always seem odd to those who are not as sharp.”


“Dia yang terlalu tinggi di atas singgasana tidak pernah melihat telapak kakinya. Dia tak pernah ingat, pada tubuhnya ada bagian yang bernama telapak kaki. Pendengarannya tidak untuk menangkap suara dewa, juga tidak suara segala yang di bawah telapak kaki. Ia hanya dengarkan diri sendiri. Suara murid Bapa ini takkan sampai kepadanya. Untuknya yang paling tepat hanya dijolok.”


“What God says is best, indeed is best, though all men in the world are against it. Seeing, then, that God prefers his religion; seeing God prefers a tender conscience; seeing they that make themselves fools for the kingdom of heaven are wisest; and that the poor man that loveth Christ is richer than the greatest man in the world that hates him: Shame, depart, thou art an enemy to my salvation.”

“Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.”

“Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.”



“Ignorance is hardly unusual, Miss Davar. The longer I live, the more I come to realize that it is the natural state of the human mind. There are many who will strive to defend its sanctity and then expect you to be impressed with their efforts.”


“Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.”

“The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.”

“there is only one way under high heaven to get the best of an argument - and that is to avoid it .”

“Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system.”


“The one who would be constant in happiness must frequently change.”


“I listen with attention to the judgment of all men;
but so far as I can remember,
I have followed none but my own.”

“The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.”

“A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.”

“For we have been socialized to respect fear more than our own needs for language and definition, and while we wait in silence for that final luxury of fearlessness, the weight of that silence will choke us.”

“If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us. But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern, which shines only on the waves behind us.”

“Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?"
"The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.”


“The soul, in its loneliness, hopes only for "salvation." And yet what is the burden of the Bible if not a sense of the mutuality of influence, rising out of an essential unity, among soul and body and community and world? These are all the works of God, and it is therefore the work of virtue to make or restore harmony among them. The world is certainly thought of as a place of spiritual trial, but it is also the confluence of soul and body, word and flesh, where thoughts must become deeds, where goodness must be enacted. This is the great meeting place, the narrow passage where spirit and flesh, word and world, pass into each other. The Bible's aim, as I read it, is not the freeing of the spirit from the world. It is the handbook of their interaction. It says that they cannot be divided; that their mutuality, their unity, is inescapable; that they are not reconciled in division, but in harmony. What else can be meant by the resurrection of the body? The body should be "filled with light," perfected in understanding. And so everywhere there is the sense of consequence, fear and desire, grief and joy. What is desirable is repeatedly defined in the tensions of the sense of consequence.”


“It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”

“What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.”

“When love and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the slightest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinions for or against anything. To set up what you like against what you dislike is the disease of the mind.”

“Kehidupan lebih nyata daripada pendapat siapapun tentang kenyataan.”


“Wisdom is justified by all her children.
Luke 7:35”


“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”

“Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket" - which is but a matter of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention"; but the wise man saith, "Pull all your eggs in the one basket and - WATCH THAT BASKET." - Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar”


“A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.”

“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”

“It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.”

“To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.”


“Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul; he loved his daughter better even than his pipe, and, like a reasonable man and an excellent father, let her have her way in everything.”


“Featherweight by Suzy Kassem
One evening,
I sat by the ocean and questioned the moon about my destiny.
I revealed to it that I was beginning to feel smaller compared to others,
Because the more secrets of the universe I would unlock,
The smaller in size I became.
I didn't understand why I wasn't feeling larger instead of smaller.
I thought that seeking Truth was what was required of us all –
To show us the way, not to make us feel lost,
Up against the odds,
In a devilish game partitioned by
An invisible wall.
Then the next morning,
A bird appeared at my window, just as the sun began
Spreading its yolk over the horizon.
It remained perched for a long time,
Gazing at me intently, to make sure I knew I wasn’t dreaming.
Then its words gently echoed throughout my mind,
Telling me:
'The world you are in –
Is the true hell.
The journey to Truth itself
Is what quickens the heart to become lighter.
The lighter the heart, the purer it is.
The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.
And the heavier the heart,
The more chained to this hell
It will remain.'
And just like that, it flew off towards the sun,
Leaving behind a tiny feather.
So I picked it up,
And fastened it to a toothpick,
To dip into ink
And write my name.”


“You think money can solve any problem, but all it s good for is buying the things it can, and leaving you free to pursue the things it can't.”


“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”

“Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.”

“و ميز كلامك قبل الكلام… فإن لكل كلام جواب
فرب كلام يمص الحشى … و فيه من المزح ما يستطاب”



“errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.”

“When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.”

“A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies”

“Summer grasses,
All that remains
Of soldiers' dreams”

“A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed,
cut holes in it, and called it a human being.
Since then, it's been wailing a tender agony
of parting, never mentioning the skill
that gave it life as a flute”

“It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.”

“Every time we start thinking we're the center of the universe, the universe turns around and says with a slightly distracted air, 'I'm sorry. What'd you say your name was again?”


“Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life; it can introduce us to it. It does not constitute it ... There are certain cases of spiritual depression in which reading can become a sort of curative discipline ... reintroducing a lazy mind into the life of the Spirit.”

“It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.”

“It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.”


“Listen. Pay attention. Treasure every moment.”

“Aeschylus writes, "In our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grade of God.”


“Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.”


“I am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise,
Regardless of others, ever regardful of others,
Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man,
Stuffed with the stuff that is course, and stuffed with the stuff that is fine, one of the nation, of many nations, the smallest the same and the the largest”


“If people were employed at creating heaven on earth, everybody would be happy; instead each one is creating his own heaven by creating hell for others.”


“Many's the man/ who thought himself wise/ but what he needed/ he did not know...”


“Mirrors that hide nothing hurt me. But this is the hurt of purging and precious renewal - and these are the mirrors of dangerous grace.”

“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS
Before you were born,
And were still too tiny for
The human eye to see,
You won the race for life
From among 250 million competitors.
And yet,
How fast you have forgotten
Your strength,
When your very existence
Is proof of your greatness.
You were born a winner,
A warrior,
One who defied the odds
By surviving the most gruesome
Battle of them all.
And now that you are a giant,
Why do you even doubt victory
Against smaller numbers,
And wider margins?
The only walls that exist,
Are those you have placed in your mind.
And whatever obstacles you conceive,
Exist only because you have forgotten
What you have already
Achieved.
Poetry by Suzy Kassem”


“One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got you in you may never get over it as long as you live.”

“What you see is what you see”

“I love you , Valentine’ is actually a popular phrase used in greeting cards.”
If you were sending me one, what would it say?” he asks.
I love you, too, Roman.”
And there it is, words that I dread to say and do mean, because with them comes the responsibility of owning it, moving forward together and deciding for real who we are to each other. Now we’re not just lovers discovering what we like and sharing what we know. In this mutual declaration, we’re accountable to each other. We’re in love, and now, our relationship has to build slowly and beautifully in order to hold all the joy and misery that lies ahead.”


“RAINBOW VOICES
I ask people of the world and children of light to start reflecting the stories of their souls to vibrate wisdom around the earth. Pick up a paintbrush or microphone. Press the inks of your pens to paper or tap words onto your screens, and start sharing what you know and have learned with the masses. Turn your personal painting into a piece of the earth's puzzle so that our unified assemblage of thoughts, experiences and lessons reveal common truths that cannot be denied. Imagine the changes that could happen if everyone suddenly stopped acting like someone else, became true to themselves, and celebrated the beauty of their uniqueness. Only after people have willingly removed their masks and costumes, and have begun pouring light from their hearts to reveal their vulnerability, dreams and pains, will we be able to see that beneath the surface we are all the same. After all, how can the world collectively fight for truth, if soldiers in its army are void of truth? We must first all be true by putting truth in our words and actions. And to do so, everyone must learn to think and react with their conscience. Imagine what Truth could do to neutralize the clutches of evil once this black and white world suddenly became embraced by a strong rainbow of loud powerful voices. We could put color back into every home, every school, every industry, every nation, and every garden on earth where flowers have been crushed by corruption.”


“He is beginning to master wisdom when he tries to learn how not to try.”

“To become a true global citizen, one must abandon all notions of 'otherness' and instead embrace 'togetherness'.”


“Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.”


“I receive Thee ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil toiled preached and taught…”

“The compassionate person does not require other people to be stupid, in order to be intelligent. Their intelligence is for everyone, so as to have a world in which there is less ignorance. (118)”


“It is, therefore, a great source of virtue for the practiced mind to learn, bit by bit, first to change about in visible and transitory things, so that afterwards it may be possible to leave them behind altogether. The man who finds his homeland sweet is still a tender beginner; he to whom every soil is as his native one is already strong; but he is perfect to whom the entire world is as a foreign land. The tender soul has fixed his love on one spot in the world; the strong man has extended his love to all places; the perfect man has extinguished his. From boyhood I have dwelt on foreign soil and I know with what grief sometimes the mind takes leave of the narrow hearth of a peasant's hut, and I know too how frankly it afterwards disdains marble firesides and panelled halls.”


“The statement ‘There is nothing more American than an Indian’ happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.”

“Fear can’t be reasoned with. Neither can hate. They’re like love. They’re almost identical emotions. That’s why Ares and Aphrodite like each other. Their twin sons – Fear and Panic – were spawned from both war and love.”



“Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it’s born with us the day that we are born.”


“Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.”


“
Ithaka
As you set out for Ithaka
hope the voyage is a long one,
full of adventure, full of discovery.
Laistrygonians and Cyclops,
angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them:
you’ll never find things like that on your way
as long as you keep your thoughts raised high,
as long as a rare excitement
stirs your spirit and your body.
Laistrygonians and Cyclops,
wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them
unless you bring them along inside your soul,
unless your soul sets them up in front of you.
Hope the voyage is a long one.
May there be many a summer morning when,
with what pleasure, what joy,
you come into harbors seen for the first time;
may you stop at Phoenician trading stations
to buy fine things,
mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony,
sensual perfume of every kind—
as many sensual perfumes as you can;
and may you visit many Egyptian cities
to gather stores of knowledge from their scholars.
Keep Ithaka always in your mind.
Arriving there is what you are destined for.
But do not hurry the journey at all.
Better if it lasts for years,
so you are old by the time you reach the island,
wealthy with all you have gained on the way,
not expecting Ithaka to make you rich.
Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey.
Without her you would not have set out.
She has nothing left to give you now.
And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you.
Wise as you will have become, so full of experience,
you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.”


“The main thing about ghosts – most of them have lost their voices. In Asphodel, millions of them wander around aimlessly, trying to remember who they were. You know why they end up like that? Because in life they never took a stand one way or another. They never spoke out, so they were never heard. Your voice is your identity. If you don’t use it,’ Nico said with a shrug, ‘you’re halfway to Asphodel already.’
…
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”


“And, as always happens, and happens far too soon, the strange and wonderful becomes a memory and a memory becomes a dream. Tomorrow it's gone.”


“Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth.”


“Habit rules the unreflecting herd.”

“The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.”


“To believe yourself brave is to be brave; it is the one only essential thing.”


“he who will not economize will have to agonize”

“If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empty victory because you will never get your opponent's good will.”


“Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.”

“You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.”

“Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.”

“The best kind of happiness is a habit you're passionate about.”

“A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.”


“That was courage, Keller thought. Not doing something without being afraid, but doing something even though you were afraid.”


“Superficiality is the curse of the modern world.”


“The most important thing in life is to dare. The most complicated thing in life is to be afraid. The smartest thing in the world is to try to be a moral person.”

“Reading all the quotes in the world won’t make you or me into Plato, Gandhi Or Einstein, just like watching hundreds games of soccer won’t make you a soccer player or taking a yoga class will make u a yogini, or reading a golf book will make you a golfer. We need to put the Knowledge to practice and that is the challenge. Put it to work for you, make the effort to Follow Through”

“Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.”

“Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you”

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”

“Women particularly should concern themselves with peace because men by nature are more foolhardy and headstrong, and their overwhelming desire to avenge themselves prevents them from foreseeing the resulting dangers and terrors of war. But woman by nature is more gentle and circumspect. Therefore, if she has sufficient will and wisdom she can provide the best possible means to pacify man.”


“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”


“The failure mode of clever is “asshole.”

“Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.”


“We are losing the ability to understand anything that's even vaguely complex.”


“There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature”


“The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.”



“Knowledge that is acquired
is not like this. Those who have it worry if
audiences like it or not.
It's a bait for popularity.
Disputational knowing wants customers.
It has no soul...
The only real customer is God.
Chew quietly
your sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stay
playfully childish.”


“What do we any of us have but our illusions? And what do we ask of others but that we be allowed to keep them?”

“Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced.
For all of their perceived wrongs, over centuries they've moved entire civilizations forward, nurtured the human quest for discovery and industry, and led humankind from inconvenient darkness to convenient modernity. Navigating the chessboard that is human existence is quite a feat, yet one rarely acknowledged in modern academia or media. And yet for those monumental achievements, I love and admire the balanced creation that is man for all his strengths and weaknesses, his gifts and his curses. I would venture to say that most wise women do.”

“She wished she could visit Mariam's grave, to sit with her awhile, leave a flower or two. But she sees now that it doesn't matter. Mariam is never very far.... Mariam is in her own heart, where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand suns.”


“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”

“But neither infinite power nor infinite wisdom could bestow godhood upon men. For that there would have to be infinite love as well.”


“Old words are reborn with new faces.”


“The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.”

“Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.”
—Zarost”


“Para ser grande, sê inteiro: nada
Teu exagera ou exclui.
Sê todo em cada coisa. Põe quanto és
No mínimo que fazes.
Assim em cada coisa a Lua toda
Brilha, porque alta vive.”

“All those years I thought that it was power that brought responsibility. It's not. I was wrong.
It's responsibility that brings power. It's knowing what needs to be done that brings strength. And courage.”

“As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.”


“For this is Wisdom; to love, to live
To take what fate, or the Gods may give.
To ask no question, to make no prayer,
To kiss the lips and caress the hair,
Speed passion's ebb as you greet its flow
To have, -to hold -and -in time, -let go!”

“To come to nothing through something is the way to outside from both sides.”


“In suffocating the voice of conscience, passion carries with itself a restlessness of the body and the senses: it is the restlessness of the "external man." When the internal man has been reduced to silence, then passion, once it has been given freedom of action, so to speak, exhibits itself as an insistent tendency to satisfy the senses and the body.”


“it's a rare day when she speaks in anything but platitudes--all those exhausted phrases and hand-me-down ideas that cram the dump sites of contemporary wisdom”


“Hardest of all, as one becomes older, is to accept that sapient remarks can be drawn from the most unwelcome or seemingly improbable sources, and that the apparently more trustworthy sources can lead one astray.”


“Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them. ”

“Childbirth is normal until proven otherwise.”


“We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. We need to offer grace to all, because we all need a little grace.”

“A house divided cannot stand.”

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”

“Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.”


“People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.”


“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”


“...ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.”


“And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective”


“Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.”


“Truth is not for sale. The man who sells truths that could help and guide humanity will never have peace of mind. Share truths freely, and you will always be revealed more.”


“And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”

“I only know that I know nothing”

“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom in learning from books as well as from nature.”



“Ideas are the source of all things”

“Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person's good.”


“‎They are angry with me, because I know what I am." Said the little eagle. "How do you know that they are angry with you?" "Because, they despise me for wanting to soar, they only want me to peck at the dirt, looking for ants, with them. But I can't do that. I don't have chicken feet, I have eagle wings." "And what is so wrong with having eagle wings and no chicken feet?" Asked the old owl. "I'm not sure, that's what I'm trying to find out." "They hate you because you know that you are an eagle and they want you to think you are a chicken so that you will peck at the ground looking for ants and worms, so that you will never know that you are an eagle and always think yourself a chicken. Let them hate you, they will always be chickens, and you will always be an eagle. You must fly. You must soar." Said the old owl.”

“Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?”

“Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise
To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies;
One thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies;
The Flower that once has blown forever dies.”

“We must not only obtain Wisdom: we must enjoy her.”


“There are two goddesses in your heard. The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, giver her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.”

“Cheap booze is a false economy.”


“Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.”


“Tak ada brahmana angkuh. Mereka hanya lebih mengerti, lebih tahu daripada orang yang menganggap pengetahuan dan ilmu sebagai keangkuhan.”


“The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity.
Eternity ended ten years ago.”


“A great benefit of Sabbath keeping is that we learn to let God take care of us — not by becoming passive and lazy, but in the freedom of giving up our feeble attempts to be God in our own lives.”


“The Christian religion asks us to put our trust not in ideas, and certainly not in ideologies, but in a God Who was vulnerable enough to become human and die, and Who desires to be present to us in our ordinary circumstances.”

“We all have scars, Mia; they are supposed to make you stronger, not paralyze you.” ~Cole”


“The slave is not afflicted with a punishment greater than the hardening of the heart and being distant from Allah. For the Fire was created to melt the hardened heart. The most distant heart from Allah is the heart which is hardened. If the heart becomes hardened, the eye becomes dry.”

“It's the truth, even if it didn't happen...
...if they don't exist, how can a man see them?”


“How many of us are swept away by what I have come to call an 'active laziness'?
It consists of cramming our lives with compulsive activity, so that there is no time at all to confront the real issues.”

“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that...Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation & make the world become a better place ☯”

“Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and Virtue is doing it.”

“إن اللغة ناقل غير كفء، وإن الناس حين يسمعون كلامًا يفهمونه في ضوء ما لديهم من خلفيات معرفية، بل إن كثيرًا منهم يقرؤون تلك الخلفيات ويبلورونها عوضًا عن الاشتغال بفهم ما سمعوه.”

“The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my life, Inow felt completely lost.”


“If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.”


“Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts of your soul and ate you from the inside out.”

“That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.”


“She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.”


“The maid told him that a girl and a child had come looking for him, but since she didn't know them, she hadn't cared to ask them in, and had told them to go on to Mers.
"Why didn't you let them in?" asked Germain angrily. "People must be very suspicious in this part of the world, if they won't open the front door to a neighbor."
"Well, naturally!" replied the maid. "In a house as rich as this, you have to keep a close watch on things. While the master's away I'm responsible for everything, and I can't just open the door to anyone at all."
"That's a mean way to live," said Germain; "I'd rather be poor than live in fear like that. Good-bye to you, miss, and good-bye to this horrible country of yours!”


“Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you.”


“Humor can get in under the door while seriousness is still fumbling at the handle.”

“It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.”

“Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results.”



“he who is greedy is always in want”

“The intelligent have plans; the wise have principles.”

“we have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood”

“Wisdom cannot be stolen - it can only be shared.”


“If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.”

“Those who possess wisdom cannot just ladle it out to every wantwit and jackanapes who comes along and asks for it. A person must be prepared to receive wisdom, or else it will do him more harm than good. Moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else.”


“The pleasures arising from thinking and learning will make us think and learn all the more. 1153a 23”


“If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.”


“Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.”


“Color is the overpowering of black; white – the final victory over black.”


“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”


“Everything that looks too perfect is too perfect to be perfect.”

“Spend your leisure time in cultivating an ear attentive to discourse, for in this way you will find that you learn with ease what others have found out with difficulty.”

“Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.”

“Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.”


“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”

“He knows he will be born again,
And start fresh anew.”


“The least strained and most natural ways of the soul are the most beautiful; the best occupations are the least forced.”

“Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.”

“Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.”


“Wisdom mitigates the risk of being honest.”


“
Gate C22
At gate C22 in the Portland airport
a man in a broad-band leather hat kissed
a woman arriving from Orange County.
They kissed and kissed and kissed. Long after
the other passengers clicked the handles of their carry-ons
and wheeled briskly toward short-term parking,
the couple stood there, arms wrapped around each other
like he’d just staggered off the boat at Ellis Island,
like she’d been released at last from ICU, snapped
out of a coma, survived bone cancer, made it down
from Annapurna in only the clothes she was wearing.
Neither of them was young. His beard was gray.
She carried a few extra pounds you could imagine
her saying she had to lose. But they kissed lavish
kisses like the ocean in the early morning,
the way it gathers and swells, sucking
each rock under, swallowing it
again and again. We were all watching–
passengers waiting for the delayed flight
to San Jose, the stewardesses, the pilots,
the aproned woman icing Cinnabons, the man selling
sunglasses. We couldn’t look away. We could
taste the kisses crushed in our mouths.
But the best part was his face. When he drew back
and looked at her, his smile soft with wonder, almost
as though he were a mother still open from giving birth,
as your mother must have looked at you, no matter
what happened after–if she beat you or left you or
you’re lonely now–you once lay there, the vernix
not yet wiped off, and someone gazed at you
as if you were the first sunrise seen from the Earth.
The whole wing of the airport hushed,
all of us trying to slip into that woman’s middle-aged body,
her plaid Bermuda shorts, sleeveless blouse, glasses,
little gold hoop earrings, tilting our heads up.
”


“Wisdom comes alone through suffering.”

“He had an answer to almost everything and he retired at an early age.”

“You have to be ill if you want to get better.”


“For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.”


“I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.”


“you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry”

“All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.”



“Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.”


“A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.”


“لقد أضاء الصبح لذى عينين”


“There are genuine mysteries in the world that mark the limits of human knowing and thinking. Wisdom is fortified, not destroyed, by understanding its limitations. Ignorance does not make a fool as surely as self-deception.”


“For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,
is a flame that burns to its own destruction.”


“Confidence that one's impressions are God-given is no guarantee that this is really so, even when they persist and grow stronger through long seasons of prayer. Bible-based wisdom must judge them.”

“The secret, or innermost, level of wisdom is pure intuition, clarity, lucidity, innate wakefulness, presence, and recognition of reality. This transcendental wisdom is within all of us—it just needs to be discovered and developed, unfolded and actualized.”

“Wisdom with an inheritance is good, but wisdom without an inheritance is better than an inheritance without wisdom.”

“Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?”

“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”


“It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”

“The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.”


“Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.”


“But I give you my word, in the entire book there is nothing that cannot be said aloud in mixed company. And there is, also, nothing that makes you a bit the wiser. I wonder--oh, what will you think of me--if those two statements do not verge upon the synonymous.”


“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”

“Wisdom does not make me full. It fills me with hunger.”


“Fear is a state of nervousness only fit for children”

“What the spiritual journey is all about is uniting our will with God's will, wanting what He wants, loving what He loves, living a life that in all its aspects honors Him and gives Him glory.”


“Time is the wisest of all things that are; for it brings everything to light.”

“A WORD TO THE WISE
Let the world pass in its time-ridden race;
never get caught in its snare.
Remember, the only acceptable case
for being in any particular place
is having no business there.”


“Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.”

“Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?”

“For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..”


“You always know the truth, because when you cut yourself or someone else with it, there’s always a bloody show.”

“Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.”


“We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder”

“But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”


“In the hearts of men lies both good and evil. The two coexist. Some men become good, and others become evil. It is the way of this world.
-Kikyo”

“Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.”

“in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.”

“Never forget that you are not in the world; the world is in you. When anything happens to you, take the experience inward. Creation is set up to bring you constant hints and clues about your role as co-creator. Your soul is metabolizing experience as surely as your body is metabolizing food”



“Let me say no more. Words do no justice to the hidden meaning. Everything immediately becomes slightly different when it is expressed in words, a little bit distorted, a little foolish...It is perfectly fine with me that what for one man is precious wisdom for another sounds like foolery.”


“Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding”

“Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have”

“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”

“
When I Was One-And-Twenty
When I was one-and-twenty
I heard a wise man say,
`Give crowns and pounds and guineas
But not your heart away;
Give pearls away and rubies
But keep your fancy free.'
But I was one-and-twenty
No use to talk to me.
When I was one-and-twenty
I heard him say again,
`The heart out of the bosom
Was never given in vain;
'Tis paid with sighs a plenty
And sold for endless rue.'
And I am two-and-twenty
And oh, 'tis true, 'tis true.”


“Wise men speak only of what they know”

“No one is defined by a single act," Frederic said. "Whether it was years ago or weeks ago. We're all given chances to change, to make up for things we've done wrong. It's how we handle those opportunities that really matters.”


“Many people falsely believe that if you want to be holy, you are not allowed to enjoy life...Holiness brings us to life. It refines every human ability. Holiness doesn't dampen our emotions; it elevates them. Those who respond to God's call to holiness are the most joyful people in history. They have a richer, more abundant experience of life, and they love more deeply than most people can every imagine. They enjoy life, all of life.”


“I tended to hate people that hit me in the head without warning.”


“So do flux and reflux--the rhythm of change--alternate and persist in everything under the sky.”


“Leave no stone unturned.”

“Some people today are wandering generalities instead of meaningful specifics because they have failed to discover and mine the wealth of potentials in them.”

“Don't be cool. Like everything.”

“...some nights I'd sneak out and listen to the radio in my Dad's old Chevy - children need solitude - they don't teach that in school...”


“Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.”


“Read the dictionary from A to Izzard today.
Get a vocabulary. Brush up on your diction.
See whether wisdom is just a lot of language.”


“We gaze up at the same stars, the sky covers us all, the same universe encompasses us. What does it matter what practical system we adopt in our search for the truth? Not by one avenue only can we arrive at so tremendous a secret.”

“Always give your resume of good deeds when you run into someone that you wronged many years ago. They simply need to know today's version of you, before they judge you on yesterday's news.”

“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”


“Don't duck the most difficult problems. That just ensures that the hardest part will be left when you are most tired. Get the big one done - it's downhill from then on.”

“Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.”


“It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.”


“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn."
À qui la faute?
(1872)”

“We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.”


“Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one’s life is wisdom — and that is the ultimate virtue”


“A person of little knowledge
Grows old as a plough-ox grows old.
His fleshes increases;
His wisdom does not increase.”


“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”

“Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.”



“Few things a doctor does are more important than relieving pain. . . pain is soul destroying. No patient should have to endure intense pain unnecessarily. The quality of mercy is essential to the practice of medicine; here, of all places, it should not be strained.”

“Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.”

“The most talented people are always the nicest.”

“When two partners always agree, one of them is not necessary." If there is some point you haven't thought about, be thankful if it is brought to your attention.”

“Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.”


“Be generous with your smile and try not to frown.
And you will see my children; your smile will never let you down ☺”


“What people want, mainly, is to be told by some plausible authority that what they are already doing is right. I don't know know of a quicker way to become unpopular than to disagree.”


“Must I accept the barren Gift?
-learn death, and lose my Mastery?
Then let them know whose blood and breath
will take the Gift and set them free:
whose is the voice and whose the mind
to set at naught the well-sung Game-
when finned Finality arrives
and calls me by my secret Name.
Not old enough to love as yet,
but old enough to die, indeed-
-the death-fear bites my throat and heart,
fanged cousin to the Pale One's breed.
But past the fear lies life for all-
perhaps for me: and, past my dread,
past loss of Mastery and life,
the Sea shall yet give up Her dead!
Lone Power, I accept your Gift!
Freely I make death a part of me;
By my accept it is bound
into the lives of all the Sea-
yet what I do now binds to it
a gift I feel of equal worth:
I take Death with me, out of Time,
and make of it a path, a birth!
Let the teeth come! As they tear me,
they tear Your ancient hate for aye-
-so rage, proud Power! Fail again,
and see my blood teach Death to die!”


“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”

“Why should you want to give up a child's wise not-understanding in exchange for defensiveness and scorn, since not-understanding is, after all, a way of being alone, whereas defensiveness and scorn are a participation in precisely what, by these means, you want to separate yourself from.”


“We the people have no excuse for starry-eyed sycophantic group-think in the Information Age. Knowledge is but a fingertip away.”

“Tis easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it.”

“The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.”

“People as a rule do mean much more than they understand.”


“When mind exists undisturbed in the Way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend it ceases to exist in the old way. When no discriminating thoughts arise, the old mind ceases to exist.”


“It is better to listen to a crow that lives in trees than to a learned man who lives only in ideas.”

“Books! tis a dull and endless strife:
Come, hear the woodland linnet,
How sweet his music! on my life,
There's more of wisdom in it.”


“ When you love you give meaning to this world. ”

“Material wealth can be bad for your health.
Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil,
that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.”

“No mortal man has ever served at the same time his passions and his best interests.”

“I almost think there is no wisdom comparable to that of exchanging what is called the realities of life for dreams”

“Duty has a trick of behaving unexpectedly -- something like a heavy friend whom we have amiably asked to visit us, and who breaks his leg within our gates.”

“No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.”


“Whoever wants the "I" to yield up its mysterious and tremendous secret must stop it from looking perpetually in the mirror, must stop the little ego's fascination with its own image.”


“Fools, their wisdom weak,
are their own enemies
as they go through life,
doing evil
that bears
bitter fruit.”

“If you dwell in the darkness, you can see in the dark and look into the light.
But in choosing the darkness, you know you are destined to walk alone.”


“You do not own the molecules. They are stardust. They belong to God. What you do own is your soul. Nobody can take that away from you.”


“End of a matter is better than its beginning”


“You are going to find that buying the car is much less satisfying than working for it.”


“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”



“I am not the moon orbiting around your planet; I am the sun that will burn through your frozen mind.”

“Meeting a stranger can be totally fleeting and meaningless, for example, unless you enter the individual’s world by finding out at least one thing that is meaningful to his or her life and exchange at lest one genuine feeling. Tuning in to others is a circular flow: you send yourself out toward people; you receive them as they respond to you.”


“The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.”


“Quote words that affirm
all men and women are your
brothers and sisters.”


“There can be as many wrong reasons to do the right thing as there are stars in the sky. There might even be more than one legitimate right reason. But there is never a right reason to do the wrong thing. Not ever.”


“Look no farther than your hand,
Make a choice and take a stand.”


“What deep wounds ever closed without a scar?
The hearts bleed longest, and heals but to wear
That which disfigures it.”

“Morality is the weakness of the mind.”

“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”

“As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you”


“I came to set fire to the earth. And I am watchful that the fire grow.
May the fire of love grow in our hearts.
May the fire of transformation glow in our movements.
May the fire of purification burn away our sins.
May the fire of justice guide our steps.
May the fire of wisdom illuminate our paths.
May the fire that spreads over the Earth never be extinguished.”


“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”


“Seek to learn constantly while you live; do not wait in the faith that old age by itself will bring wisdom.”

“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”

“New Year - a new chapter, new verse, or just the same old story ? Ultimately we write it. The choice is ours.”


“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”

“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation.
Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”

“The night is still waiting.”


“The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is the pretense of intelligent ignorance. The former is teachable; the latter is not.”


“Raise a smile and lower stress”

“A moment’s beginning ends in a moment”

“Dream by making and make by dreaming.”

“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”


“A vampire is branding girls, okay?" I ignored his refusal. "Something about that just feels wrong to me."
"I would hope so.”


“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”


“I have tried to teach you the wonders of the spiritual world...
...I have tried to show how we mortals can attain such wisdom...
...and I've decided you're a pillock.
[click on the thumbnail, art by
]”


“We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.”


“Knowledge is as infinite as the universe. The man who claims to know all only reveals to all that he really knows nothing.”


“Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.”

“Everybody is a story. When I was a child, people sat around kitchen tables and told their stories. We don't do that so much anymore. Sitting around the table telling stories is not just a way of passing time. It is the way the wisdom gets passed along. The stuff that helps us to live a life worth remembering.”

“In every remote corner of the world there are people like Carl Jones and Don Merton who have devoted their lives to saving threatened species. Very often, their determination is all that stands between an endangered species and extinction.
But why do they bother? Does it really matter if the Yangtze river dolphin, or the kakapo, or the northern white rhino, or any other species live on only in scientists' notebooks?
Well, yes, it does. Every animal and plant is an integral part of its environment: even Komodo dragons have a major role to play in maintaining the ecological stability of their delicate island homes. If they disappear, so could many other species. And conservation is very much in tune with our survival. Animals and plants provide us with life-saving drugs and food, they pollinate crops and provide important ingredients or many industrial processes. Ironically, it is often not the big and beautiful creatures, but the ugly and less dramatic ones, that we need most.
Even so, the loss of a few species may seem irrelevant compared to major environmental problems such as global warming or the destruction of the ozone layer. But while nature has considerable resilience, there is a limit to how far that resilience can be stretched. No one knows how close to the limit we are getting. The darker it gets, the faster we're driving.
There is one last reason for caring, and I believe that no other is necessary. It is certainly the reason why so many people have devoted their lives to protecting the likes of rhinos, parakeets, kakapos, and dolphins. And it is simply this: the world would be a poorer, darker, lonelier place without them.”



“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”

“Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.”

“To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store...To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.”

“Stories last longer: but only by becoming only stories.”


“Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.”

“I am not a ‘wise man,’ nor . . . shall I ever be. And so require not from me that I should be equal to the best, but that I should be better than the wicked. It is enough for me if every day I reduce the number of my vices, and blame my mistakes.”

“That which is impermanent attracts compassion. That which is not provides wisdom. (116)”


“The source of wisdom and power, of love and beauty, is within ourselves, but not within our egos. It is within our consciousness. Indeed, its presence provides us with a conscious contrast which enables us to speak of the ego as if it were something different and apart: it is the true Self whereas the ego is only an illusion of the mind.”


“There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in the rubbish.”

“The whole world is beautiful, Belgarion' Eriond assured him in response to that unspoken thought. 'You just have to know how to look at it”


“O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.”


“He felt a little lost, after that experience. Lost as the girls on their knees. It was a never-ending story of young girls losing themselves, such that they were no longer humans with any souls or characters, but pretty girls with fat asses and nice tits.”


“Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.”

“There are many things in the deep waters; and seas and lands may change. And it is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.”


“I'm not trying to tell you," he said "that only educated men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so.
But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with--which, unfortunately, is rarely the case--tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are MEREly brilliant and creative.”


“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”

“Peace is not an easy prospect--it requires greater bravery than does conflict.”


“How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.”


“The greatest Emotion is Love.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
The greatest gift is your own Life.
The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE!
The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn.
The greatest virtue is temperance.
The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind.
The greatest practice is to be Kind.
education.
The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”

“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”

“Progress is a natural result of staying focused on the process of doing anything.”


“Compassion for others is a mark of wisdom.”

“Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.”


“We have all grown wiser.”

“You shouldn't imagine things that you haven't a shred of proof happened...”

“I am in the world to change the world”

“It's only hard until it becomes easy.”

“-We need more love, to supersede hatred, -We need more strength,
to resist our weaknesses,
-We need more inspiration,
to lighten up our innermind.
-We need more learning,
to erase our ignorance,
-We need more wisdom,
to live longer and happier,
-We need more truths, to suppress deceptions,
-We need more health,
to enjoy our wealth,
-We need more peace, to stay in harmony with our brethren
-We need more smiles,
to brighten up our day,
-We need more hero's, and not zero's,
-We need more change of ourselves, to change the lives of others,
-We need more understanding,
to tackle our misunderstanding,
-We need more sympathy,
not apathy,
-We need more forgiveness,
not vengeance,
-We need more humility to be lifted up,
-We need more patience and not undue eagerness,
-We need more focus, to avoid distraction,
-We need more optimism,
not pessimism
-We need more justice,
not injustice,
-We need more facts, not fiction,
-We need more education,
to curb illiteracy,
-We need more skills, not incompetence,
-We need more challenges,
to make attempts,
-We need more talents,
to create the extraordinary,
-We need more helping hands,
not stingy folks,
-We need more efforts,
not laziness,
-We need more jokes, to forget our worries, -We need more spirituality,
not mean religion,
-We need more freedom,
not enslavement,
-We need more peacemakers,
not revolutionaries...with these, we create an heaven on earth.”

“One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.”



“MOM
Wholeheartedly,
She loved me-
And inspired me-
With transcending devotion.
It was a blessing-
To have been her son,
To have been loved-
Without conditions.
Her words of wisdom-
Opened my eyes-
To the world-
And to myself.
By seeing the best in me,
She empowered me.
By believing in me,
She transformed me.
She grew old-
And floated away,
But her love remains standing-
Eternally by my side.”


“Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdi-vided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfash-ionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world—philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.
Although I didn't think so at the time, things were a lot simpler in 1969. All you had to do to express yourself was throw rocks at riot police. But with today's sophistication, who's in a position to throw rocks? Who's going to brave what tear gas? C'mon, that's the way it is. Everything is rigged, tied into that massive capital web, and beyond this web there's another web. Nobody's going anywhere. You throw a rock and it'll come right back at you.”


“There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.”


“Folly consists not in committing Folly, but in being incapable of concealing it. All men make mistakes, but the wise conceal the blunders they have made, while fools make them public. Reputation depends more on what is hidden than on what is seen. If you can’t be good, be careful.”

“They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.”


“A leader should always be open to criticism, not silencing dissent. Any leader who does not tolerate criticism from the public is afraid of their dirty hands to be revealed under heavy light. And such a leader is dangerous, because they only feel secure in the darkness. Only a leader who is free from corruption welcomes scrutiny; for scrutiny allows a good leader to be an even greater leader.”


“INTEREST. Here is the key to the whole thing. If and when you are truly interested in what you are doing, or are about to do, then you will center your attention on it with little or no effort, and almost irrespective of the attendant conditions.”


“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”

“Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy.
Deceit is a poison in its veins.”

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”

“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”

“There's a big difference on being wise and being crafty. The former is the attribute of God, and the latter is that of Satan.”

“I am quite a wise old bird, but I am no desert hermit who can only prophesy when his guts are knotted with hunger. I am deep in the old man’s puzzle, trying to link the wisdom of the body with the wisdom of the spirit until the two are one.”

“Basically, being alive means keeping yourself ready for the sky to fall in on you at any time. If you start from the assumption that existence is only an ordeal, a test we have to pass, then you’re equipped to deal with its sorrows and its surprises. If you persist in expecting it to give you something it can’t give, that just proves that you haven’t understood anything. Take things as they come; don’t turn them into a drama. You’re not piloting the ship, you’re following the course of your destiny.”


“You don't trade in the devil you know for the one you don't know.”


“In the endeavor to establish a difficult habit, for example, mere wishing will never carry it to a successful conclusion; our wishing must rise to the level of WANTING if this goal is to be achieved.”


“I am not the river I am the net.”


“While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.”


“It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”


“He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool; he who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion. The man in the worst confusion will end his life without ever getting straightened out; the biggest fool will end his life without ever seeing the light. If three men are traveling along and one is confused, they will still get where they are going - because confusion is in the minority. But if two of them are confused, then they can walk until they are exhausted and never get anywhere - because confusion is in the majority.”


“Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.”

“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”

“A statement made from the heart has an aroma, it has lights, it has earth and
sun and moon. It is colorful and it grasps the attention of those around you,
like the sunset.”

“Do not, under any circumstances, put this book down and turn on the teevee.
The teevee debilitates our culture. ”


“Too much stress cannot be laid...upon the admonition that we seek so far as possible to live in the lives of other people. By sharing in the misfortunes of others, and rejoicing in their happiness, you add to your own emotional serenity and stability.”


“To be careless in making decisions is to naively believe that a single decision impacts nothing more than that single decision, for a single decision can spawn a thousand others that were entirely unnecessary or it can bring peace to a thousand places we never knew existed.”


“BLACK AND WHITE
I was born into
A religion of Light,
But with so many other
Religions and
Philosophies,
How do I know which
ONE
Is right?
Is it not
My birthright
To seek out the light?
To find Truth
After surveying all the proof,
Am I supposed
To love
Or fight?
And why do all those who
Try to guide me,
Always start by dividing
And multiplying me –
From what they consider
Wrong or right?
I thought,
There were no walls
For whoever beams truth and light.
And how can one speak on Light's behalf,
lf all they do
Is act black,
But talk WHITE?”


“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”

“I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.”



“Love between man and woman cannot be built without sacrifices and self-denial.”


“Love consists of a commitment which limits one's freedom - it is a giving of the self, and to give oneself means just that: to limit one's freedom on behalf of another.”


“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”

“You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.”


“originality and a feeling of one's own dignity are achieved only through work and struggle.”

“All stories have a curious and even dangerous power. They are manifestations of truth -- yours and mine. And truth is all at once the most wonderful yet terrifying thing in the world, which makes it nearly impossible to handle. It is such a great responsibility that it's best not to tell a story at all unless you know you can do it right. You must be very careful, or without knowing it you can change the world.”


“Marriage without struggle is like an unfired clay pot.
It is easily made, but it will not stand the test of time.”


“all appears to change when we change”

“The only way you would have failed," she said, "is if you had.”


“Physical strength doesn't mean a damn thing when you're all cut up and bleeding inside. ”


“We don't receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves.”

“You don't always need to know your destination when you set out on a journey.”


“He that reads and grows no wiser seldom suspects his own deficiency, but complains of hard words and obscure sentences, and asks why books are written which cannot be understood.”


“For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”


“Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age.Nothing does --- except wrinkles.It's true,some wines improves with age.But only if the grapes were good in the first place”

“I thought about the difference between a mama's girl and a daddy's girl. I decided that a daughter who belongs to her daddy expects gifts, while a daughter who belongs to her mama expects a lot more. Not from her mama. From herself.”


“Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.”


“Saying 'I could have done more,' Zin, is what marks a man as a man and not a God.”


“Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.”

“It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.”


“Le passé et le présent sont deux statues incomplètes: l'une a été retirée toute mutilée du débris des âges, l'autre n'a pas encore reçu sa perfection de l'avenir.”


“We're on a planet, relax!”


“Understand that nothing happens
unless it is God's will and
do what you like.
What can be simpler than that?”

“Never say no to now”


“But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.”


“A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.”

“Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.”

“Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.”


“Don't be bashful; we're among gentlemen. It's a known fact that we men are the missing link between the pirate and the pig.”


“Sometimes I think that wisdoms slip from my mind like drool from the lips of an idiot...
Where's all this stuff coming from? Is it any good? Any good in, you know, the wisdom sense? Who am I to spout this stuff anyway?
Well, here's the thing. You too can find yourself shedding wisdom like cat hair if you only allow yourself the liberty of introspection.
Think about what you alone know that no one else does. That one neat wonderful profound insight. It is fully yours. No one else on this planet of about six billion people understands it like you do.
Now, see if you can share it with someone. Bestow it, a gift of yourself.
Wisdom is like gossip. Except it's the good kind.”



“Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.”


“You are joy, looking for a way to express.
It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager.
That's who you are.”

“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”


“You need to trust
To surrender
To ask for guidance
Go within for the answers
They're within you
You have the answers
All you need do is ask”


“When you feel life at crossroads,
you need higher perspective view.”


“Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy; that they were beautiful, and that I needed them. I suppose this, for me, marked the beginning of wisdom. Life is short.”

“My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.”


“If you learn from many wise men who disagree one another,
you will find that there are many wisdoms came out of truth.
In the end, you must find truth and define your own wisdom.”


“We may think we live for wisdom, but in fact we're living for the the pleasure wisdom brings us.”


“It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!”


“Let your wisdom guide you
On your own personal journey
By listening to your heart
Your soul will be alight
And let you be
All that you are intended to be”


“It is important never to separate love and knowledge, compassion and wisdom. A wisdom without compassion is closed upon itself and does not bear fruit. A compassion without wisdom is a madness and a cause of suffering.”


“Ego is recessive in wisdom.”


“Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?
Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.”


“Here’s a little mote of wisdom: Not everyone who claims to be an expert, is indeed an expert. Please note: I have never claimed to be an expert on anything except perhaps making the perfect omelet, and if you don’t like spicy, you’d probably argue with me on that one, too. In fact, anyone claiming to be an expert on anything, in my opinion, should immediately be viewed with suspicion, or be able to produce a PhD Diploma on the subject he or she is professing to be expert in.”

“Dzieje kultury wykazują, ze głupota jest siostrą bliźniaczą rozumu, ona rośnie najbujniej nie na glebie dziewiczej ignorancji , lecz na gruncie uprawnym siódmym potem doktorów i profesorów. Wielkie absurdy nie są wymyślane przez tych, których rozum krząta się wokół spraw codziennych. Nic dziwnego zatem, że właśnie najintensywniejsi myśliciele bywali producentami największego głupstwa. / The history of culture shows that foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom. It does not flourish on the fields of pure ignorance but on the fields tirelessly plowed by doctors and professors. Great absurdities do not flourish where one is busy with everyday life. No wonder that sometimes most vigorous thinkers come up with utmost stupidities. (Dziennik 1956, XIX, Thursday)”

“For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead; but such was the virtue of the land of Rivendell that soon all fear and anxiety was lifted from their minds. The future, good or ill, was not forgotten, but ceased to have any power over the present. Health and hope grew strong in them, and they were content with each good day as it came, taking pleasure in every meal, and in every word and song.”


“I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.”

“The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.”


“Only wise men look for new wisdom.”


“ان الناس لاتعرف ان كتابا واحدا كفيل بان يغير مجرى حياة الانسان.”

“If you're going to hit a car, try to be sure that it's not a cop car”

“There's kind of wisdom that must
be firstly rejected before accepted.”


“Don't kill me because I'm gay,
pray for me for it is God who created me.”


“Asa had a sharp understanding of the future--that is, a time when
this
would be past. Time was rushing through and around him, he almost heard it whistling, and this awareness rounded the world somehow and made it sweet.”


“Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match”

“If you seem to be happy in this place of solitude, you will acquire a great reputation for wisdom, and I know, by my own experience, that under the cloak of a great reputation it is possible to hide whole treasures of folly. (“The Story of Princess Zulkais and the Prince Kalilah”)”


“If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.”

“L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.”

“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”

“Kindness and awareness work together. Through awareness we understand the underlying beauty of everything and every being.”



“The only cure to all this madness; is too dream, far and wide, if possibility doesn't knock, create a damn door. If the shoe doesn't fit, don't make it. If the journey your travelling seems to far fetched and wild beyond your imagination; continue on it, great things come to the risk takers. And last but not least, live today; here, right now, you'll thank your future self for it later.”

“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”


“Wisdom is the recovery of innocence at the far end of experience.”


“Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.”


“We are all born with genius. It's like our fairy godmother. But what happens in life is that we stop listening to our inner voices, and we no longer have access to this extraordinary ability to create poetry.”

“Perhaps my greatest wisdom is the knowledge that I do not know.”


“
Giving Birth by Marcus Amaker
do you remember
when the earth was just a baby,
settling in its skin,
safe in the arms of mother nature
with fire breathing from within.
you were not shackled by time
and life roamed around your heart
with the weight of dinosaurs,
leaving footprints in your lungs.
and the first time you saw the sun
you could barely breathe
because the possibility of endless light
planted a seed
so you admire the strength of trees,
who naturally grew into
unwavering beauty,
staring down the mouth of
time.
do you remember being 11 years old
when your mother told you
“birth is more painful than dying”
and you burst with dreams
without even trying,
seeking light in your heart,
where shadows now rest
comfortably next to fear.
but you come out of the woods clear,
with nature’s breath
under your tongue,
and a weightless bliss,
no longer scared of
death.”

“A great leader must serve the best interests of the people first, not those of multinational corporations. Human life should never be sacrificed for monetary profit. There are no exceptions. In addition, a leader should always be open to criticism, not silencing dissent. Any leader who does not tolerate criticism from the public is afraid of their dirty hands being revealed under heavy light. And such a leader is dangerous, because they only feel secure in the darkness. Only a leader who is free from corruption welcomes scrutiny; for scrutiny allows a good leader to be an even greater leader.”


“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”

“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”

“The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.”

“Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.”


“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”


“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”


“Love is my inner strength and my power.”

“Free will is the cutting edge of Creation, don’t you see? The word spontaneity derives from the Latin sponte, meaning ‘of one’s free will.’ Spontaneity is the impulse, the purest expression of freedom, and the impulse wants to do whatever it wants to do. But you are afraid of what others think, others who are just as afraid of what you think, and so you pussyfoot along the perimeter of the free-will zone, wilting like a wallflower.”

“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”

“The mind has a definite way of clothing one's thoughts in appropriate physical equivalents. Think in terms of poverty and you will live in poverty. Think in terms of opulence and you will attract opulence. Through the eternal law of harmonious attraction, one's thoughts always clothe themselves in material things appropriate unto their nature.”


“Make your ideal your new real.”

“Truth may be stranger than fiction, but fiction is truer.”

“In a village where everyone has only one leg, the biped will hop about more lamely than anyone else, if he knows what is good for him.”


“Experience is never at bargain price.”


“A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.”

“One day we will all wear a garment which has no pockets...”


“Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.”


“These are the three stages of enlightenment, the three glimpses of satori.
1. The first stage enlightenment:
A Glimpse of the Whole
The first stage of enlightenment is short glimpse from faraway of the whole. It is a short glimpse of being.
The first stage of enlightenment is when, for the first time, for a single moment the mind is not functioning. The ordinary ego is still present at the first stage of enlightenment, but you experience for a short while that there is something beyond the ego.
There is a gap, a silence and emptiness, where there is not thought between you and existence.
You and existence meet and merge for a moment.
And for the first time the seed, the thirst and longing, for enlightenment, the meeting between you and existence, will grow in your heart.
2. The second stage of enlightenment:
Silence, Relaxation, Togetherness, Inner Being
The second stage of enlightenment is a new order, a harmony, from within, which comes from the inner being. It is the quality of freedom.
The inner chaos has disappeared and a new silence, relaxation and togetherness has arisen.
Your own wisdom from within has arisen.
A subtle ego is still present in the second stage of enlightenment.
The Hindus has three names for the ego:
1. Ahamkar, which is the ordinary ego.
2. Asmita, which is the quality of Am-ness, of no ego. It is a very silent ego, not aggreessive, but it is still a subtle ego.
3. Atma, the third word is Atma, when the Am-ness is also lost. This is what Buddha callas no-self, pure being.
In the second stage of enlightenment you become capable of being in the inner being, in the gap, in the meditative quality within, in the silence and emptiness.
For hours, for days, you can remain in the gap, in utter aloneness, in God.
Still you need effort to remain in the gap, and if you drop the effort, the gap will disappear.
Love, meditation and prayer becomes the way to increase the effort in the search for God.
Then the second stage becomes a more conscious effort. Now you know the way, you now the direction.
3. The third stage of enlightenment:
Ocean, Wholeness, No-self, Pure being
At the third stage of enlightenment, at the third step of Satori, our individual river flowing silently, suddenly reaches to the Ocean and becomes one with the Ocean.
At the third Satori, the ego is lost, and there is Atma, pure being. You are, but without any boundaries. The river has become the Ocean, the Whole.
It has become a vast emptiness, just like the pure sky.
The third stage of enlightenment happens when you have become capable of finding the inner being, the meditative quality within, the gap, the inner silence and emptiness, so that it becomes a natural quality.
You can find the gap whenever you want.
This is what tantra callas Mahamudra, the great orgasm, what Buddha calls Nirvana, what Lao Tzu calls Tao and what Jesus calls the kingdom of God.
You have found the door to God.
You have come home.”

“Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women”

“Opportunity is swift of flight but slow to return.”

“We understand more than we know.”



“Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy”

“If it's true what is said, that only the wise discover the wise, then it must also be true that the lone wolf symbolizes either the biggest fool on the planet or the biggest Einstein on the planet.”


“An almost perfect relationship with his father was the earthly root of all his wisdom. From his own father, he said, he first learned that Fatherhood must be at the core of the universe. [speaking of George MacDonald]”


“In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.”


“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”

“humility is beyond our reach. if it were a product of reaching, we would instinctively be proud of reaching it. it is a gift.”

“Let go of your worries and focus only on the task at hand.The future will be what it will,and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.”

“فكر قبل أن تتكلم، واقرأ قبل أن تفكر”


“When your tears become invisible, disappear”

“كل كائن يكف عن النمو يبدأ في الموت.الإنسان السعيد هو الذي يستطيع أن يحول كل موسم من مواسم الحياة فرصة لنمو طاقات جديدة.”


“The question to ask is what will satisfy you? What will bring you peace? And perhaps the answer to those is in asking yourself when you were last happy.”


“You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.”


“Creating a better future
Requires creativity in the present.”

“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.
By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”

“And remember that within every lie, there is a truth hidden. Know the truth to defeat the lie.”


“You can always tell the heart of man by what he do, and by what he don't do...”


“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests
in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.
At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”

“The good and wise lead quite lives”

“When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine”


“Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are”

“Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else”

“Being aware is being aware of one's own mind and the games it plays on itself.”


“Women were created gullible. It they weren't no babies would be born.”

“Never let your uniqueness be compromised”

“The job of a writer is not to convey emotion but to invoke it.”

“I learned from Jurassic Park that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.”

“Is it not by learning to read the book of nature with the eyes of faith that we come to recognize the drop of divinity that resides in our own souls though hidden, master? In the end is this not faith; to seek the light that takes us further, the light of Christ that brings that to which reason and knowledge alone can never raise itself? This is truth!”


“Nunca podemos juzgar la vida de los demás, porque cada uno sabe de su propio dolor y de su propia renuncia. Una cosa es suponer que uno está en el camino cierto; otra es suponer que ese camino es el único.”


“Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional".
~R. Alan Woods [2012]”


“you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.”

“Are the great spiritual teachings really advocating that we fight evil because we are on the side of light, the side of peace? Are they telling us to fight against that other 'undesirable' side, the bad and the black. That is a big question. If there is wisdom in the sacred teachings, there should not be any war. As long as a person is involved with warfare, trying to defend or attack, then his action is not sacred; it is mundane, dualistic, a battlefield situation.”



“Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.”


“Don’t follow someone else’s map. You should glean teachings from all directions, keeping true to those that bring progress yet remaining open to changes in yourself.”


“There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time--the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this.”


“Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.”


“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”

“respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.”

“There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you & embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome!...but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, & the negative will soon evaporate.”

“From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.”


“Whenever ego suffers from fear of death & your practice turns to seeing impermanence, ego settles down.”


“I think your vision gets better as you get older.”


“I don't believe in worrying. It's a waste of energy.”


“Their mother is Athene, the goddess of wisdom, and, although they are often ready to play the buffoon to amuse you, such conduct is the prerogative of the truly wise.”


“I did not know that mankind were suffering for want of gold. I have seen a little of it. I know that it is very malleable, but not so malleable as wit. A grain of gold will gild a great surface, but not so much as a grain of wisdom.”


“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”

“Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.”

“Be wise as a serpent and wary as a dove!”

“A guilty conscience is jealousy's playground.”

“The friend is a human Eden
But Eden is so easily lost
When you choose, choose wisely
Before you share, count the cost”


“No one is ever going to give you something that they're too afraid to even claim for themselves. People don't know themselves, so they don't like to see other people figure it out and live their lives in ways that they themselves cannot. So they try to box you in, and limit you, so they don't feel inadequate. But you don't need their approval- the only person who ever, ever limits you is yourself.”

“The brillant person who does not take heed is the same as the ignorant who does not know.”

“one should never assume anything”


“Who was to know what went on in a person's heart? A wise woman kept her own counsel.”


“The old continued to have one resurgence of foolishness after another, until the organism gave out altogether.”

“But the character of the music emphasized the tale as allegory--humorous, poignant, humane allegory--disclosing the metamorphosis of life itself, in which man moves from confident inexperience through the bitterness of experience, toward the rueful wisdom of self-knowledge.”


“The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.”


“You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom.
Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.”


“all brave men love; for he only is brave who has affections to fight for.”

“Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.”


“Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.”



“It is useful to study different traditions in order to be free of attachment to any one way of expressing what is beyond expression. (x)”


“Tennis taught me so many lessons in life. One of the things it taught me is that every ball that comes to me, I have to make a decision. I have to accept responsibility for the consequences every time I hit a ball.”

“To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common. this is my symphony.”

“To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality; to assert the emptiness of things is to miss their reality. The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.”


“A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.”

“One true king knew when to step aside and give up the reins of power—to remove his crown and relinquish his kingdom—all for the sake of glimpsing, just once in a lifetime, the face of a holy child.
He was the Fourth to follow the Star.
His gift was a secret.
The rest of his journey is unknown.”


“Whoever is full of wisdom is naturally compassionate; in fact we recognize that someone has gained spiritual wisdom by seeing their compassionate behavior. . . . Individuals and countries with power need to develop wisdom and compassion, for without these attributes, there is a danger that the power will be used to oppress and exploit others. (31)”


“All simple souls must admire and respect one another, saying: 'Let us proceed each one along our path to the same goal, united in purpose and by means of God's order which, in its great variety, is in us all.”


“When two wise men are blaming one another,
then time has come for you to be the third one.”


“We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do . For it is not possible to join serpentine wisdom with the columbine innocency, except men know exactly all the conditions of the serpent; his baseness and going upon his belly, his volubility and lubricity, his envy and sting, and the rest; that is, all forms and natures of evil. For without this, virtue lieth open and unfenced. Nay, an honest man can do no good upon those that are wicked, to reclaim them, without the help of the knowledge of evil.”

“Any man who has got himself set over others and don't have any responsibility to something bigger than him is a son of a bitch.”


“The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”
(Analects 6.11)”

“To have opinions is to sell out to yourself. To have no opinion is to exist. To have every opinion is to be a poet.”


“The only way to heal yourself was to understand. Understand the love or the hate or the cowardice, or the impulsiveness, the lack of will of the one who hurt you--the circumstances that twisted them, the influences that warped them. And when you forgot yourself and saw the others with pitying comprehension, saw their tortured motives, a white, healing peace descended upon you. Your betrayal became an impersonal one, like a bridge giving way when you crossed it, lightning, a motor collision--you were in the way and you were damaged--that was all. It wasn't meant for you. When you understood, you were released into a new freedom and wisdom.”


“God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.”


“Right now, just speak gently your words of wisdom to the youngsters.
Sooner or later, those words will arrive at the right place in their hearts.”


“In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.”

“...freedom can be a full-time job if you let it.”


“Do not ever go out of yourself because you will get lost even from your life.”


“Don't talk about love, But speak out of love cause most of the liars are only perfect of talking about nothing but passion & don't talk about justice, But speak out of justice cause most of the oppressors are only perfect of talking about nothing but rightness.”

“No shortcut to wisdom.
No tollways to be wise.”


“I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.”

“Man will never reach the higher wisdom,
If he can't yet accept the pain of change.”


“No one, from pontiffs to professors, has a monopoly on the truth. In the end, we are all just travelers--not scientists or mystics or any one brand of thinker. By nature, we are scientists and mystics, reductionists and holists, left-brained and right-brained, mixed up creatures trying to catch an occasional glimpse of the truth. The best we can do is to be tolerant of both sides of our nature--knowing that these reflect the twin aspect of the universe--and learn from whatever wisdom is offered.”


“Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How can I show you wisdom unless you first empty your cup?”

“Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.”


“Insults sting but a little when they stem from a man's ignorance.”


“If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.”


“If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. ”

“I once had a love
who folded secrets between her thighs like napkins
and concealed memories in the valley of her breasts.
There was no match for the freckles on her chest,
and no one could mistake them for a field of honeysuckles.
Upon her lips, a thousand lies were spread in sweet gloss.
Her kiss was like a storybook from ancient history.
She was at home with the body of a man inside her, beside her.
At night, when she lay in bed crying,
no one could mistake the tears she wept for a summer shower
She is gone, my love. She was a wanderess, a wildflower.”

“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”

“You can’t selectively numb your anger, any more than you can turn off all lights in a room, and still expect to see the light.”

“If a serious statement is defined as one that may be made in terms of waking life, poetry will never rise to the level of seriousness. It lies beyond seriousness, on that more primitive and original level where the child, the animal, the savage, and the seer belong, in the region of dream, enchantment, ecstasy, laughter. To understand poetry we must be capable of donning the child's soul like a magic cloak and of forsaking man's wisdom for the child's.”



“How initially 'to get her in the sack' and subsequently to avoid 'her giving you the sack' are not identical dilemmas faced by the male species, but they sure have a bizarre habit of being bedfellows”


“[...] marriage is one thing, and love is another...You need to have a solid canvas; nobody stops you to weave the arabesques...”


“I am thankful to all the souls, I meet in the journey of life.”


“A primary requirement in every enterprise in habit-formation is self-confidence.”


“You were not just blessed for yourself,
your were blessed to be a blessing to
others.”

“Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.”

“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”

“Wenn du weißt, behaupte, dass du es weißt. Und wenn du etwas nicht weißt, gib zu, dass du es nicht weißt. Das ist Wissen.”

“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”

“Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.”

“We don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes--or we search for change in all the wrong places.”

“Whoever lost the truth has lost him/her self. ”

“. . . I had found the edge. The place where you unstrap all your fastenings to the earth, to what you are what you have been, where you flame out on the edge of the spheres, and the sun and moon become eclipsed and the world below is as dead and remote and without interest as if it were glazed with ice. ”


“A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.”

“Guts are important. Your guts are what digest things. But it is your brains that tell you which things to swallow and which not to swallow.”

“To be beyond yourself is the gate to wisdom. ”

“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”


“We're very familiar with the idea that some things are so complex they're beyond our comprehension. This not only keeps us solving and experimenting but also distracted. Many things are really so simple we can't see them under our big noses.”


“People who actually have good advice seldom give it voluntarily, instead others seek them out for it. They do not shove it down people's throats just to boost their exaggerated sense of importance.”

“Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.”


“The perfection of wisdom, and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions, our ambitions to our capacities, we will then be a happy and a virtuous people.”

“Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still priceless to those who Love you.”

“See with the eyes of love and a thing becomes beautiful. See with the eyes of hate and things are ugly.”


“Wise random strangers at bars are modern-day Oracles of Delphi, except drunk and sometimes leaving abruptly when it's their turn for karaoke.”


“Die Welt ist von Narren geschaffen, damit Weise in ihr Leben.”


“Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment…as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.”


“It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves”



“Our power lies in our small daily choices, one after another, to create eternal ripples of a life well lived.”

“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”


“A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist”

“Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.”

“Wisdom comes from reflection.”


“Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to, but be respected - that is essential.”

“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”

“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”

“One is often so busy doing life that it is easy to avoid evaluating whether you are putting your energy in the direction you value most.”

“Indeed if fish had fish-lore and Wise-fish, it is probable that the business of anglers would be very little hindered.”


“Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.”


“After the final no there comes a yes / And on that yes the future world depends.”

“لو كان العقل على قدر كلام الرجل، لكان الثرثار أكبر الناس عقلاً، ولو كان العلم على قدر حفظ المسائل لكان التلميذ أوسع من أستاذه علماً، ولو كان الجاه على قدر الفضائل لما كان للأشرار نفوذ، ولو كان المال على قدر العقل لكان أغنى الناس الحكماء، وأفقر الناس السفهاء، ولو كان الخلود على قدر نفع الناس لما خلد السفاحون والطغاة وأكثر الملوك والزعماء.”


“God grant ... that he may learn to understand in time, that whoso is minded to do as he himself wills will soon enough see the day when he will find he has done that which he had never willed.”


“I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.”


“The greatest solution of all is to live and work in partnership with yourself, your family and friends, your work and community, your nation, your world, nature, and spirit.”


“I see at last that all the knowledge
I wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me—
Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing,
The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darkness
And we call it wisdom. It is pain.”


“You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you”

“His strength for your weakness! His wisdom for your folly! His drive for your drift! His grace for your greed! His love for your lust! His peace for your problems! His joy for your sorrow! His plenty for your poverty!”

“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”


“Wisdom must yield to superstition's rules,
Who arms with bigot zeal the hand of fools.”


“One's rebuke engraves itself upon the mind more than one's praise.”

“Feel not obliged to make good use of every ripe fruit on the vine.”


“If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion”


“Wisdom is not having God's perspective of the whole matter before us, but having God's perspective about what next response will honor Him while keeping us still usable to Him.”


“Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.”

“ولكن ما كانت الصداقة لتحمل في يدها ميزان العدل لكل كلمة وكل معنى وكل إشارة،
بل إنها لتصفح كثي ا ر عن كثير لتجعل الحق الذي لها أن تستوفيه كاملا كأنها حق عليها
تؤديه كاملا فتكبر بتسامحها وتنمو…”


“A wise man is able to differentiate between humility and weakness, he does not mistake courage for pride.”

“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”

“Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.”

“a problem well put is half solved.”

“...when you put on your shortest dress, please leave some mystery in it. That's the difference between a miniskirt and a ho-skirt. A ho-skirt shows your Frisbee. A miniskirt shows just enough to cause some mystery. What these young women lack is mystery.”



“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”

“If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.”


“truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.”

“Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that your have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you Kālāmas, do not be led by reports, or traditions, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, not by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, not by the idea: 'this is our teacher'. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourself that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up... And when you know for yourself that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.”

“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”

“Between the natural way and the path of grace there is a deep abyss. It is in that gap that we live our lives as a giant struggle between good and evil, Satan and God, despair and love. Whenever despair wins, it is the natural way. Whenever love wins, it is a moment of grace. When love is victorious and defeats despair completely, you've reached the path of grace.”


“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”

“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”

“A fool can easily be known(identified) by what proceeds from his or her mouth.”

“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that.
We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”

“There's always something when you're at fault, too, and that fault you must discover and learn to recognize and take the consequences of it.”


“But Johannes had said, "Politeness is something you owe other people, because when you show a little courtesy, everything becomes easier and better. But first and foremost, it's something you owe yourself. You are David.”


“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”

“You call forth the world which God has formed and that world only. Nor is this life of yours by which you set such store your doing, however you may choose to tell it. Its shape was forced in the void at the onset and all talk of what might otherwise have been is senseless for there is no otherwise. Of what could it be made? Where be hid? Or how make its appearance? The probability fo the actual is absolute. That we have no power to guess it out beforehand makes it no less certain. That we may imagine alternate histories means nothing at all.”


“Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.”

“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”

“التحرر من المسؤولية آمام الآخر ليس حرية،ولكنه فرار من الحرية”

“It is by now proverbial that every proverb has its opposite. For every
Time is money
there is a
Stop and smell the roses
. When someone says
You never stand in the same river twice
someone else has already replied
There is nothing new under the sun
. In the mind's arithmetic, 1 plus -1 equals 2. Truths are not quantities but scripts:
Become for a moment the mind in which this is true
.”


“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.
We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.
We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”

“When you can't get what you want, get what you need”

“Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany.
Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.”

“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”

“If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve”


“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible.
I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”

“Seek out your superiors and learn from them. Do not hide nor shy away from them for the sake of your pride for true pride is perceived, not in perceived skill, but in improvement.”

“Guys willing to hold your dick are a dime a dozen; save your hearts for the one who wants to hold your hand.”


“Free thinker walks on shortcuts among wisdoms.”


“I believe much trouble and blood would be saved if we opened our hearts more.”

“The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”

“Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?”

“A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.”

“Limitation of one's freedom might seem to be something negative and unpleasant, but love makes it a positive, joyful and creative thing. Freedom exists for the sake of love.”



“How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato)
The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?”


“We shouldn't have been so scornful; we should have had compassion. But compassion takes work, and we were young.”


“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”

“If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.”

“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell...”

“As in music, when we hear the crescendo building, suddenly if the music stops, we begin to hear the silence as part of the music.”


“When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’.”

“One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone.”

“The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant.
One who knows is willing to give up his body even for an ant,
because he knows that the body is nothing.”

“The distance between your knowledge of truth and your obedience is called lack of integrity. And the amount of negative behavior--or lack of integrity--a person exhibits is directly proportional to their amount of pain." - Tara Leigh's therapist (p.118)”


“Никога не съм позволявал на училището да попречи на образованието ми.”

“Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change”


“Children are the closest we have to wisdom, and they become adults the moment that final drop of everything mysterious is strained from them.”


“Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing, sooner than war.”

“We are exactly where we have chosen to be.”

“If we still advise we shall never do.”


“Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards”


“Justru karena cinta, kamu memelihara dirimu dan dirinya agar tetap mulia. Bila ia mendekat, tetaplah duduk. Karena itu yang menjaga emosi agar tak meletup. Bila ia menjauh, jangan dekati dia sebelum waktunya. Sabar itu jauh lebih istimewa. Atau kalau tak tahan lagi, segeralah datang ke rumah orang tuanya! Itu lebih mulia.”


“Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.”

“Authoritarian, paralyzing, circular, occasionally elliptical stock phrases, also jocularly referred to as nuggets of wisdom, are a malignant plague, one of the very worst ever to ravage the earth.”


“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”


“أحياناً نقود أنفسنا للطريق المهلك علماً بذلك .. ليس رغبة بالهلاك، بل أملاً بتغيير النتيجة”

“Human nature is all alike.”


“Giving is the only way of taking part”

“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”


“Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in infomation?”

“I hate wise men because they are lazy, cowardly, and prudent. To the philosophers' equanimity, which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain, I prefer devouring passions. The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion, nor the fear of death, nor risk and enthusiasm, nor barbaric, grotesque, or sublime heroism. He talks in proverbs and gives advice. He does not live, feel, desire, wait for anything. He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences. So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety. The wise man's life is empty and sterile, for it is free from contradiction and despair. An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative. The wise man's resignation springs from inner void, not inner fire. I would rather die of fire than of void.”



“men are undoubtedly more in danger from prosperity than from adversity. for when matters go smoothly, they flatter themselves, and are intoxicated by their success”

“You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.”


“If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.”


“We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.”


“Those who have wisdom have all:
Fools with all have nothing.”


“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”

“Buddhism is all about science. If science is the systematic pursuit of the accurate knowledge of reality, then science is Buddhism, Buddhism is science.”


“We must accept the reality that the causes of impatience travel a two-way street.”


“Yes - en I's rich now, come to look at it. I owns myself, en I's wuth eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.”


“The ultimate difference between God's wisdom and man's wisdom is how they relate to the glory of God's grace in Christ crucified. God's wisdom makes the glory of God's grace our supreme treasure. But man's wisdom delights in seeing himself as resourceful, self-sufficient, self determining, and not utterly dependent on God's free grace.”


“To tell others that
It is a rumor
Will not do.
When your own heart asks
How will you respond?”

“It is a fool of a shepherd who culls his dogs.”


“I would rather risk failure than achieve it without risk.”

“Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion & love, for ourselves and all beings.”


“The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.”

“The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately & wisely.”


“To advance spiritually requires a method of practice & determination to carry it out.”


“the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it; if you cant ignore it, top it; if you cant top it, laugh at it; if you cant laugh at it, its probably deserved”

“The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.”


“Silence will speak
If given an ear;
Stillness is the movement
Of our atmosphere;
Circles have sides
When we draw the line;
Death is sleep
In limited time.”

“If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten”


“Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.”

“The essence of successful discipline is not technique; rather, it is self-confidence.”


“It takes 43 muscles to frown and 3 to raise the middle finger.”

“The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.”


“Desire is the seed of potential.”

“Only be rebellious for good reasons.”

“CAN is the enemy of DO.”

“It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.”

“yet if you had a desire for good or beautiful things
and your tongue were not concocting some evil to say
shame would not hold down your eyes
but rather you would speak about what is just”



“One hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the most skillful, subduing the other's military without battle is the most skillful.”

“... anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.”


“[Y]ou [man] are fool enough, it seems, to dare to war with [woman=] me, when for your faithful ally you might win me easily.”


“The years I have squandered in puerile excitement, in going hither and thither, in seeking to force nature and time, I ought to have spent in solitude and meditation, in endeavoring to make myself worthy of being loved.”


“I do not expect old heads on young shoulders.”


“The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.”

“Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.”


“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”


“There are three kind of history. The first is what really happened and that is forever lost. The second is what most people thought happened, and we can recover that with assiduous effort. The third is what the people in power wanted the future to think happened and that is 90 percent of the history in books.”


“I was headed for an entire life spent alone, pitying myself for not being more, ignoring all those people who actually ask me to be more, because they see it in me.”


“We should've been different breeds. There can only be one lion in a small cage. It's not important if the other lion is sleeping or crouching in the corner. The only important thing is that...it's a lion.”


“That’s going to be your trouble — judgment about yourself.
(Tender is the Night)”

“Only those who row the boat make waves”


“I want a man who knows something about himself. And is appalled. And has to forgive himself to get along.”


“He brooded on how close destruction always was to all creatures, animals as well as humans, and he realized that there is nothing we can predict or know for certain in this world except death.”


“‎your first thought would send the power of Quantum physics into a hive of activity. your first thought, would inevitably become the destiny of the day”

“How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?”


“Can I tell from the twilight from which the world is built that I am a sunrise in this life?”


“L'homme qui n'a pas été anarchiste à seize ans est un imbécile. Mais c'en est un autre, s'il l'est encore à quarante.”

“Don’t become bigoted about bigots.”

“Life is easy. We make it hard.”

“...the wise words of a friend and guide rang in my head. 'How would you distinguish a true servant of God from a traitor?...You should take especial notice of how a person speaks, not of other things, but of God.”


“We are often more treacherous through weakness than calculation”

“Putuskan apa yang kau inginkan, dan berusahalah untuk menjadikannya kenyataan. Jangan sampai kau lupa hidup karena terlalu sibuk bermimpi”


“Es decir..., lo que yo creo es que el hombre piensa en el significado de la vida porque sabe con certeza que va morir algún día. (...) Nadie sabe lo que va a ocurrir. Por eso nosotros, para evolucionar necesitamos la muerte.”


“Give love, take pride”


“Emptiness is this world’s greatest discovery. Who has chosen this kind world for us and why?”


“I love my old paintings as postulates as fresh starting points but I have to destroy them. I have to make a new manifesto.”

“Don’t try to visualize the great mass audience. There is no such audience—every reader is a different person.”



“There is no dishonor in wisdom.”

“It would be a mistake, though, to consider care by family doctors or midwives inferior to that offered by obstetricians simply on the grounds that obstetricians need not refer care to a family physician or midwife if no complications develop during a course of labor.”


“For the unified mind in accord with the Way all self-centered striving ceases. Doubts and irresolutions vanish and life in true faith is possible. With a single stroke we are freed from bondage; nothing clings to us and we hold nothing. All is empty, clear, self-illuminating, with no exertion of the mind's power.”


“When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?”


“Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.”

“One may enter the literary parlor via just about any door, be it the prison door, the madhouse door, or the brothel door. There is but one door one may not enter it through, which is the child room door. The critics will never forgive you such. The great Rudyard Kipling is one of a number of people to have suffered from this. I keep wondering to myself what this peculiar contempt towards anything related to childhood is all about.”

“Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.”

“...a blink of an eye in itself is nothing. But the eye that blinks, that is something.”

“Even the best inborn potentialities for achievement do not render unnecessary patient and persistent practice.”


“One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.”


“We will never be more that we have been destined to be! ”

“That vice has often proved an emancipator of the mind, is one of the most humiliating, but, at the same time, one of the most unquestionable facts in history.”


“A wise person is like a smoothly polished rock: it takes time to become either.”


“I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way;”


“There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.”

“I have more wisdom than any books ever written in history of times, any scripture ever written which you rhyme but this is not my purpose.”

“Huius (sapientis) opus unum est de divinis humanisque verum invenire; ab hac numquam recedit religio, pietas, iustitia ...”

“Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.”

“... dançava para si mesmo, um homem nu entre cegos...”

“ No one can surely know what knowledge is without the presence of truth.”

“King Solomon's life reminds me
of wisdom, wealth, women, woes.”


“Si quelques heures font une grande différence dans le cœur de l’homme, faut-il s’en étonner ? Il n’y a qu’une minute de la vie à la mort.”

“How does a woman gain such wisdom in only twenty-nine years?” Gordon asked, escorting her across the lawns toward the mansion.
“The same way a man does."
“Which is?"
Lady Keely cast him an ambiguous smile. “Either you are born with wisdom, my lord, or you make do
without it...”


“In every bush lies a nest. ”

“ The absolute truth is one for an infinity of possible relative truths which lie. ”

“The ending can only start with the beginning and end with self estrangement, as to become once again his own/old self. This is why every man is a continuous ending. ”

“On se réconcilie avec un ennemi qui nous est inférieur pour les qualités du coeur ou de l'esprit ; on ne pardonne jamais à celui qui nous surpasse par l'âme et le génie.”

“The confidence essential to effective habit-making comes as a rule from knowledge of previous and related successes.”


“I would like to believe in the myth that we grow wiser with age. In a sense my disbelief is wisdom. Those of a middle generation, if charitable or sentimental, subscribe to the wisdom myth, while the callous see us as dispensable objects, like broken furniture or dead flowers. For the young we scarcely exist unless we are unavoidable members of the same family, farting, slobbering, perpetually mislaying teeth and bifocals.”


“In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.”

“You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.”

“Wisdom... is often an abstraction associated not with fact or reality but with the man who asserts it and the manner of its assertion.”



“Don't be so loyal to your mind; the mind is not loyal to You.”

“...the holy men sat in an atmosphere
reeking of antiquity, so thick with the
dust of ages that you can't see through it
--nor can they.”

“The body is wise, the confusion is from the mind”

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”

“In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.”

“Wenn man noch nicht den Menschen dienen kann, wie sollte man den Geistern dienen können?”


“Wenn man noch nicht das Leben kennt, wie sollte man den Tod kennen.”


“The only wisdom we can hope to acquire
Is the wisdom of humility: humility is endless.”


“Prefiero, señor, obrar bien y fracasar, antes que triunfar con malas artes.
Palabras de Neoptólemo a Odiseo, en la tragedia griega Filoctetes.”

“We are often jealous of our little secrets, though to another ear they generally convey neither profit nor entertainment.”


“The vaunted experience of age was perhaps only a matter of wounds and scarring -- that young minds to old minds might be as young bodies to old bodies: stronger, more vital, less twisted by damage.”


“You despise books; you whose lives are absorbed in the vanities of ambition, the pursuit of pleasure or indolence; but remember that all the known world, excepting only savage nations, is governed by books.”

“The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.”


“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”

“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”


“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”

“If wine is the enemy of religion, I shall devour the enemy of religion.”


“Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.”


“You must feed yourself the truth because the world is sure to serve you lies.”

“Haste is from the Devil.”


“You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated.
Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.”


“What's so magical about solitude? In many fields, Ericsson told me, it's only when you're alone that you can engage in Deliberate Practice, which he has identified as the key to exceptional achievement. When you practice deliberately, you identify the tasks or knowledge that are just out of your reach, strive to upgrade your performance, monitor your progress, and revise accordingly. Practice sessions that fall short of this standard are not only less useful - they're counterproductive. They reinforce existing cognitive mechanisms instead of improving them.”


“Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of Knowledge is not that of Life.”


“Those who died while trying to make our world a better place, didn't actually die, they proved some points. Our job is to notice them and continue from where they stopped.”

“If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.”


“Never marry when under the guise you need to 'see if it'll work', but rather marry because in your mind you want to make it work.”

“It is not Sufism if it does not perform its function for you. A cloak is no longer a cloak if it does not keep a man warm.”


“In my experience, when a woman's cruelty is combined with love and devotion, it is almost always without exception an act performed not out of treachery, but as a painful self-sacrifice for the good of her beloved, to obtain for him a future bounty where he would not know how to obtain it for himself, or have the courage, patience, or foresight to obtain it. Womankind always seems to be able to see a dozen steps into the future, far ahead of what men are able to see. And they have strength where we do not.”



“Always take a compliment, Caroline. Always take it for the way it was intended. You girls are always so quick to twist what others say. Simply say thank you and move on.”


“When you are posessed by evil spirits, it is crafty manipulations that you follow; but when you are posessed by the Holy Spirit of God, it is wise discretions you pursue!”

“I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.”


“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”

“When you optimize your talents very well, you can pick money from people's pockets and nobody will ever get the guts to call you a thief.”

“Your actions will always be what the world sees, but people who choose to see through God's eyes will always have the compassion to understand why.”

“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”


“My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought.
Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.”


“Good...if you've done things you aren't proud of. It means you have a conscience.”


“The heart that gives, gathers.”


“There is no Jesus without Judas, no Martin Luther King, Jr., without the Klan; no Ali without Joe Frazier; no freedom without tyranny. No wisdom exists that does not include perspective. Relativity is the greatest gift.”


“You should always listen to minotaurs. Anybody with four stomachs has to have a firm grip on reality.”


“A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.”

“Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.”


“Knowledge is knowing the depth of the ocean. Wisdom is knowing till where to swim.”

“In 1881, being on a visit to Boston, my wife and I found ourselves in the Parker House with the
's, and went over to Charleston to hear him lecture. His subject was 'Some Mistakes of Moses,' and it was a memorable experience. Our lost leaders, --
, Theodore Parker, -- who had really spoken to disciples rather than to the nation, seemed to have contributed something to form this organ by which their voice could reach the people.
Every variety of power was in this orator, -- logic and poetry, humor and imagination, simplicity and dramatic art, moral and boundless sympathy
. The wonderful power which Washington's Attorney-general, Edmund Randolph, ascribed to
of insinuating his ideas equally into learned and unlearned had passed from
's pen to
's tongue.
The effect on the people was indescribable. The large theatre was crowded from pit to dome. The people were carried from plaudits of his argument to loud laughter at his humorous sentences, and his flexible voice carried the sympathies of the assembly with it, at times moving them to tears by his pathos
.
{
Conway's thoughts on the great
}”


“When I visited
, in 1948, at his home in Aylot, a suburb of London, he was extremely anxious for me to tell him all that I knew about
. During the course of the conversation, he told me that
had made a tremendous impression upon him, and had exercised an influence upon him probably greater than that of any other man. He seemed particularly anxious to impress me with the importance of
's influence upon his intellectual endeavors and accomplishments.
In view of this admission, what percentage of the greatness of
belongs to
? If
's influence upon so great an intellect as
was that extensive, what must have been his influence upon others?
What seed of wisdom did he plant into the minds of others, and what accomplishments of theirs should be attributed to him? The world will never know.
What about the countless thousands from whom he lifted the clouds of darkness and fear, and who were emancipated from the demoralizing dogmas and creeds of ignorance and superstition?
What will be
's influence upon the minds of future generations, who will come under the spell of his magic words, and who will be guided into the channels of human betterment by the unparalleled example of his courageous life?
The debt the world owes
can never be paid.”


“In meetings philosophy might work,
on the field practicality works.”

“To be incapable of taking one’s enemies, one’s accidents, even one’s misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others.”

“To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.”


“Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are”

“Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes; wisdom guides us away from repeating them". HS/el”


“Without living the most chaotic internal storms, you can’t get the calmness of the wisdom! Wisdom is the child of the storm.”

“It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.”


“Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all.”


“Fish for a man, he'll eat for a day, don't teach him to de-bone that fish, You may not have to worry about him tomorrow!”

“It’s less a matter of looking the other way than of closing our eyes to what we can’t stop from happening.”


“A proof once established is better left so.”


“អ្នកត្រូវតែជាអ្នកផ្លាស់ប្ដូរដែលអ្នកចង់ឃើញពិភពលោក។”


“There comes a moment in history when ignorance is no longer a forgivable offense... a moment when only wisdom has the power to absolve. - Bertrand Zobrist”



“Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.”


“Wise men are not pacifists; they are merely less likely to jump up and retaliate against their antagonizers. They know that needless antagonizers are virtually already insecure enough.”


“People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy...my friend; you're already there!!”

“The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.”

“Даже и най-скъпият часовник има само 60 минути в час”

“It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...
It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!”


“Yesterday I was clever,
That is why I wanted to change the world.
Today I am wise,
That is why I am changing myself.”


“Man was designed in a way in which he must eat in order to give him a solid reason to go to work everyday. This helps to keep him out of trouble. God is wise.”


“When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.”

“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!
Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,
& Sharing the success with all!”


“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”


“There is only one thing which is generally safe from plagiarism -- self-denial.”


“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...
For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever,
A battle for the rest..”


“Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn’t something to use lightly.”

“There is some advantage in having imagination, since that visionary faculty opens the mental eyes to facts that more practical and duller intellects could never see.”


“Keep secret things secret and they will serve you the better!”

“A people religiously right, will not long remain politically wrong.”


“Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".”

“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!”


“Ако животните имаха разум, те също биха вършили глупости като хората.”

“Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.”


“Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.
Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.”


“A Guardian is only as strong as its Muse.”


“Art is art. You can take it or leave it. Liking it or not liking it does not make you a better person, and who you like or dislike results in the same thing.”

“You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less”


“Can you believe we still around?after so many hit the ground and we ain't gon' stop now until we get that wisdom”

“if the important thing is not to win but to complete then was not punctual invented.”

“I consider myself a green party supporter...because green represents my favorite color other than clear. And I met a guy who was running for the green party this one time, and he seemed like he had a great head on his shoulders for a homeless guy.”

“If everyone bows in front of your wisdom, your greatest wisdom will be to tell them not to bow!”

“... what you think is right isn't the same as knowing what is right.”



“If you boil it down, just because someone else does the wrong thing we are not exempt from doing what’s right.”


“Dont brag about being perfect..imperfections are what makes you attractive..”

“A noble leader answers not to the trumpet calls of self promotion, but to the hushed whispers of necessity.”

“Your greatest responsibility is to live a life that nourishes your highest truth.”

“High above the noise and fear mongering of critics and cynics softly speaks your true self.”

“In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).”


“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”

“Cara: I used to believe everything my brother told me, because he was older and I figured he knew more about the world. But as it turns out, being a grown-up doesn't mean you're fearless. It just means you fear different things.”


“There is no adversity that cannot bear a gift and no gift that cannot bring adversity.”

“To recognize our bias toward error should teach us modesty and reflection, and to forgive it should help us avoid the inhumanity of thinking we ourselves are not as fallible as those who, in any instance, seem most at fault. Science can give us knowledge, but it cannot give us wisdom. Nor can religion, until it puts aside nonsense and distraction and becomes itself again.”

“Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.”

“In the dark , everything is scary”

“Whatever can be threatened, whatever can be shaken, whatever you fear cannot stand, is destined to crash. Do not go down with the ship. Let that which is destined to become the past slip away. Believe that the real you is that which beckons from the future. If it is a sadder you, it will be a wiser one. And dawn will follow the darkness sooner or later. Rebirth can never come without death.”

“Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.”

“This, then, is held to be the duty of the man of wealth: To set an example of modest, unostentatious living, shunning display or extravagance; to provide moderately for the legitimate wants of those dependent on him; and, after doing so, to consider all surplus revenues which come to him simply as trust funds, which he is called upon to administer, and strictly bound as a matter of duty to administer in the manner which, in his judgement, is best calculated to produce the most beneficial results for the community--the man of wealth thus becoming the mere trustee and agent for his poorer brethren, bringing to their service his superior wisdom, experience, and ability to administer, doing for them better than they would or could do for themselves.”

“If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.”


“In science, mistakes always precede the truth.”

“...it is never safe to classify the souls of one's neighbors; one is apt, in the long run, to be proved a fool. You should regard each meeting with a friend as a sitting he is unwillingly giving you for a portrait -- a portrait that, probably, when you or he die, will still be unfinished. And, though this is an absorbing pursuit, nevertheless, the painters are apt to end pessimists. For however handsome and merry may be the face, however rich the background, in the first rough sketch of each portrait, yet with every added stroke of the brush, with every tiny readjustment of the 'values,' with every modification of the chiaroscuro, the eyes looking out at you grow more disquieting. And, finally, it is your
own
face that you are staring at in terror, as in a mirror by candle-light, when all the house is still.”


“Question everything, unless it's the answer”

“Our physical world seems ready and able to accommodate the needs of the spiritually awakened new Superhuman. The constraints or demands of our material world are not the real problem; it is our own spiritual awareness and philosophical wisdom that is lagging behind.”


“When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!”

“On the road to wisdom, behave like a raven and observe everything carefully!”

“In school, it got so that Elijah learned to talk his way out of anything, gave great long speeches so that his words snaked themselves like vines around the nuns until they could no longer move, [...].”


“The waters of spirituality are forever changing and forever constant. Prejudice or fixed ideas can only weigh you down and remove you from the flow. - The Book of Metanoia (D. Williamsen)”

“It is only the brave who win life’s rewards. Those who don’t overcome their fears are destined to fail at even the least things.”

“There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.”


“Create a wisdom and share it with others; in return, don’t wait for anything, not even a simple thanks, because expecting something in return does not belong to the wisdom!”

“The world is a different place in this new century, [...]. And we are a different people. My visions still come but no one listens any longer to what they tell us, what they warn us. I knew even as a young woman that destruction bred on the horizon. [...] War touches everyone, and windigos spring from the earth.”

“The wise men posit questions to which they may not always find immediate answers, but through their reflections God stimulates man in his search for truth - which in the last analysis is a search for God himself.”


“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”



“You never understand life until it grows inside of you.”

“Who can tell truth from falsehood any more?
I say it, and you feel it in your hearts:
no man or woman on this big small earth.
How should our sages miss the mark of life,
and our most skillful players lose the game?
your hearts will tell you, as my heart has told me:
because all know, and no one understands.”

“One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.”

“My friend Madea has "attitude" that comes with wisdom. Back in our teens and twenties, we thought we knew everything and made all those foolish mistakes. Then, when we got a little older, at thirty, we started getting these flashes of light, revelations of what a great and lucky thing it is that we didn't get caught doing those stupid things back then. Around forty, if we are lucky, we stop lying to ourselves. Fifty and above, we've run out of patience for foolishness. Take me to the bottom line.”


“It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.”


“Johannes had once said that violence and cruelty were just a stupid person's way of making himself felt, because it was easer to use your hands to strike a blow than to use your brain to find a logical and just solution to the problem.”


“Wisdom is nothing more than the marriage of intelligence and compassion.
And, as with all good unions, it takes much experience and time to reach its widest potential.
Have you introduced your intellect to your compassion yet? Be careful; lately, intellect has taken to eating in front of the TV and compassion has taken in too many cats.”


“[Y]ou are here to learn something. Don’t try to figure out what it is. This can be frustrating and unproductive.”


“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”

“When wiggling through a hole
the world looks different than
when scrubbed clean by the wiggle
and looking back.”

“[T]he wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile.”


“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours...”

“We losers don't fear death. For us it's the end of a lifelong losing spell.”

“The things we hate about ourselves aren't more real than things we like about ourselves.”

“What sets humans apart from animals is that we have to walk around saying how smart we are, and animals just live their lives.”

“The greater puzzle of universal wisdom and beauty that we have strived to honor through our work includes the profound legacies of world artistic and spiritual traditions, the innate integrity of human communities where people seek to live in social harmony, and that regenerative stream of life sustained upon the earth itself as it spins through the cosmos to the music of the spheres.”


“An unwise advisor cannot hope to advise wisely.”


“Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count”

“Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey”


“Kingsley nodded. 'Of course. Sophia always did say wisdom had to be earned.”


“If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!”

“Author says her father was so diplomatic that when people came to him for solutions, people not only accepted them, but they believed they thought of them.”


“For a moment David was tempted to think that perhaps there were no good people at all outside concentration camps, but then he reminded himself of the sailor and Angelo and the English people who might have been ignorant but were certainly not bad.”

“Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.”

“Once in a very long time you come across a book that is far, far more than the ink, the glue and the paper, a book that seeps into your blood.
With such a book the impact isn't necessarily obvious at first...but the more you read it and re-read it, and live with it, and travel with it, the more it speaks to you, and the more you realize that you cannot live without that book. It's then that the wisdom hidden inside, the seed, is passed on.”


“Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.”

“We shall live to die once more.”

“It is worth remembering one of the important lessons of the Buck story: a small number of zealous advocates can have an impact on the law that defies both science and conventional wisdom.”


“Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.”


“Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan”



“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”


“If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.”


“Why is wisdom so fair? Why is beauty so wise?
Because all else is temporary, while beauty and wisdom are the only real and constant aspects of truth that can be perceived by human means.
And I don't mean the kind of surface beauty that fades with age, or the sort of shallow wisdom that gets lost in platitudes.
True beauty grips your gut and squeezes your lungs, and makes you see with utmost clarity exactly
what
is before you.
True wisdom then steps in, to interpret, illuminate, and form a life-altering insight.”


“You are as much able as you know”

“Saat kita dibenci, itu berarti kita menonjol di antara yang lain.”


“Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.”


“The worship of power is an old religion.”

“…one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half…”


“At any given moment there is an orthodoxy, a body of ideas of which it is assumed that all right-thinking people will accept without question. It is not exactly forbidden to say this, that or the other, but it is “not done” to say it… Anyone who challenges the prevailing orthodoxy finds himself silenced with surprising effectiveness. A genuinely unfashionable opinion is almost never given a fair hearing, either in the popular press or in the high-brow periodicals.”

“Il ne fait aucun doute pour moi que la sagesse est le but principal de la vie et c'est pourquoi je reviens toujours aux stoïciens. Ils ont atteint la sagesse, on ne peut donc plus les appeler des philosophes au sens propre du terme. De mon point de vue, la sagesse est le terme naturel de la philosophie, sa fin dans les deux sens du mot. Une philosophie finit en sagesse et par là même disparaît.”


“There are 1,198,500,000 people alive now in China.
To get a feel for what that means, simply take yourself - in all your singularity, importance, complexity, and love - and multiply by 1,198,500,000.
See? Nothing to it.”


“Dubium sapientiae initium (Doubt is the origin of wisdom).”

“At the time of Lewis and Clark, setting the prairies on fire was a well-known signal that meant, ‘Come down to the water.’ It was an extravagant gesture, but we can’t do less. If the landscape reveals one certainty, it is that the extravagant gesture is the very stuff of creation. After the extravagant gesture of creation in the first place, the universe has continued to deal exclusively in extravagances, flinging intricacies and colossi down aeons of emptiness, heaping profusions on profligacies with ever fresh vigor. The whole show has been on fire from the word go. I come down to the water to cool my eyes. But everywhere I look, I see fire: that which isn’t flint is tinder, and the whole world sparks and flames.”


“The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.”

“Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain.
"Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table.
"It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.”


“So I learned then, that gold in it's native state is but dull, unornamental stuff, and that only low-born metals excite the admiration of the ignorant with an ostentatious glitter. However, like the rest of the world, I still go underrating men of gold and glorifying men of mica. Commonplace human nature cannot rise above that.”


“من ذا الذى يستطيع أن يفصح عن مكنون نفسه بمجرد الكلمات”

“No art takes places without inspiration. Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.g., does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). What’s more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools.
Likewise, to express ourselves skillfully with maximum efficiency and minimum effort, we need to investigate the most effective ways of using the mind and body since, in the end, they are the only “tools” we truly possess in life.”

“A wise man, once he is past fifty, does not befuddle his senses with strong drink, nor make violent love in the cool spring night, nor dance on his hands.”


“With infinite wisdom and care your life is constantly sustained because Nature flows through you.”


“Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.
Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.”


“If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string”


“الأشخاص العظام يناقشون الأفكار، والأشخاص العاديون يناقشون الأشياء، أما الأشخاص الصغار، فإنهم يناقشون الأشخاص.”

“Забелязвам, че колкото по-здраво работя, толкова по-голям късмет имам.”

“I do, I am”


“Really to believe in human nature while striving to know the thousand forces that warp it from its ideal development-to call for and expect much from men and women, and not to be disappointed
and embittered if they fall short- to try to do good with people rather than to them- this is my religion on its human side. And if God exists, I think that he must be in the warm sun, in the kindly actions of the people we know and read of, in the beautiful things of art and nature, and in the closeness of friendships.”

“That was one of the inherent flaws of faith. Belief without knowing. But worse yet: belief without action. It could be good in its own right. Beautiful, even, when embraced, but that had to be measured. Checked. Too many surrendered themselves to it. What they did not see was simple fact. Religion did not bring peace. It merely offered a means. It was up to man to create peace.”


“A lizard brain fired the gun that wounded you, but it was the combination of three brains that orchestrated the elaborate circumstances in which the trigger was pulled. Way back when, the Landlord believed a second brain would endow some of his lower life forms with the capacity for emotional connections. By adding the third brain, he probably planned on having his... higher forms empowered with the ability to not only think before acting, but to feel regret afterwards when their actions were wrong. But that’s not what happened, is it?”


“You Who'd be Wise" from "Ben Mishle" written sometime between 1013 and 1050 C.E.
You who'd be wise
should inquire
into the nature of
justice and evil
from your teachers,
seekers like yourself,
and the students
who question your answer.”

“Do you understand what I'm saying?"
shouted Moist. "You can't just go around killing people!"
"Why Not? You Do." The golem lowered his arm.
"What?" snapped Moist. "I do not! Who told you that?"
"I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly.
"I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!"
"No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.”



“Wisdom is nothing more than confirmed imagination: just because one did not study for his exam does not mean that he should leave it blank.”


“Take away from love the fullness of self surrender, the completeness of personal commitment, and what remains will be a total denial and negation of it.”


“Did not learned men, too, hold, till within the last twenty-five years, that a flying dragon was an impossible monster? And do we not now know that there are hundreds of them found fossil up and down the world? People call them Pterodactyles: but that is only because they are ashamed to call them flying dragons, after denying so long that flying dragons could exist.”


“Love is the divine Mother's arms; when those arms are spread, every soul falls into them.
The Sufis of all ages have been known for their beautiful personality. It does not mean that among them there have not been people with great powers, wonderful powers and wisdom. But beyond all that, what is most known of the Sufis is the human side of their nature: that tact which attuned them to wise and foolish, to poor and rich, to strong and weak -- to all. They met everyone on his own plane, they spoke to everyone in his own language. What did Jesus teach when he said to the fishermen, 'Come hither, I will make you fishers of men?' It did not mean, 'I will teach you ways by which you get the best of man.' It only meant: your tact, your sympathy will spread its arms before every soul who comes, as mother's arms are spread out for her little ones.”

“Television is for appearing on - not for looking at.”

“Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.”


“I have no doubt that in reality the future will be vastly more surprising than anything I can imagine. Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.”


“Bowden Cable is the sort of honest and dependable operative that is the backbone of SpecOps. They never win commendations or medals
and the public has no knowledge of them at all. They are all worth ten of people like me.”


“Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.”


“The Theist tells us that the truth is
god exists,
the Atheist tells us that the truth is
there is no god,
while the truth tells us
we don't know.
”

“مخافة الرب رأس المعرفة
أم 7:1”

“Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.”


“Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.”


“Vivid simplicity is the articulation, the nature of genius. Wisdom is greater than intelligence; intelligence is greater than philosobabble.”


“One of the best ways to support the development of patience is to cultivate happiness with yourself.”


“Tout bonheur est un chef-d'oeuvre: la moindre erreur le fausse, la moindre hésitation l'altère, la moindre lourder le dépare, la moindre sottise l'abêtit.”


“Patience is supported & nurtured by a quality of forgiveness.”


“In my opinion, it was chiefly owing to their deep contemplation in their silent retreats in the days of youth that the old Indian orators acquired the habit of carefully arranging their thoughts.
They listened to the warbling of birds and noted the grandeur and the beauties of the forest. The majestic clouds—which appear like mountains of granite floating in the air—the golden tints of a summer evening sky, and the changes of nature, possessed a mysterious significance.
All of this combined to furnish ample matter for reflection to the contemplating youth.”

“Crafty men condemn studies; Simple men admire them; And wise men use them: For they teach not their own use: but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation.”

“...you have to be godly to be wise ...”

“القوة الجديدة التي يخلقها "العلم" تكون خيّرة بقدر الحكمة التي يتميز بها الإنسان ، وتكون شريرة بقدر ما في الإنسان من حمق !
لذلك فإن أُريدَ للحضارة العلمية أن تكون حضارة خيرة ، فقد وجب أن تقترن بزيادة المعرفة زيادة في الحكمة ، وأعني بالحكمة الإدراك السليم لغايات الحياة . وهذا في ذاته أمر لا يقدمه العلم . فزيادة العلم لا تكفي لتحقيق رقي صادق ، وإن قدمت واحداً من مقومات الرقي .”

“The only thing set in stone are dumb quotes and names of dead people. Everything else is subject to change.”


“You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?”

“Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.”

“You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.”


“人間の最大の武器は、習慣と信頼だ”


“A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.”

“Everything worth knowing about the 1980s I learned from obsessively reading Bloom County collections when I was nine and Derek Jarman's diaries when I was twenty.”

“...they say [Finn] has tasted the Nuts of Wisdom." Elatha laughed. "Perhaps the Nuts of Wisdom will gird him against your sister.”


“The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.”



“One of the disadwantages of school and learning, he thought dreamily, was that the mind seemed to have the tendency too see and represent all things as though they were flat and had only two dimensions. This, somehow, seemed to render all matters of intellect shallow and worthless...”


“For the future, I shall rely only upon those elements of my character which I have tested. Who would ever have said that I should find pleasure in shedding tears? That I should love the man who proves to me that I am nothing more than a fool?”


“Cieszy mię ten rym: „Polak mądr po szkodzie”;
Lecz jeśli prawda i z tego nas zbodzie,
Nową przypowieść Polak sobie kupi,
Że i przed szkodą, i po szkodzie głupi.”

“To live in the Great Way is neither easy nor difficult, but those with limited views are fearful and irresolute: the faster they hurry, the slower they go, and clinging cannot be limited: even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray. Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going. Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.”


“If the partridge didn't call at the wrong moment, Neither the hunter nor the falcon would know of it. It follows from this point also, That everyone's voice betrays him.”


“I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.”


“In not only the physical science, but in the real mental silence, the wisdom dawns. (75)”


“Kita hidup dalam sangkar yang terbuat dari tuntutan, rutinitas, dan kebiasaan, dan setelah begitu lama hidup dalam batas-batas ini, kita lupa bahwa sesungguhnya terperangkap”


“Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot; but not to Orem ap Avonap. Never guessing that the blond and happy farmer was no blood of his, Orem had taken a part of that simple man into himself and saved it for this time. At any time in the Palace he might run by, Youth on this shoulders or, as time went by, toddling along behind.”


“Normalization takes place not because there is Western-ideology that normalizes third-world texts in any special way (other than the usual play with exoticism) but because this academic seeks to domesticate everything, even Marx.”

“Aus Lügen, die wir glauben, werden Wahrheiten, mit denen wir leben.”

“Kalau kau mulai menunda hal-hal yang ingin kau lakukan untuk hari lain, hari esok itu tak pernah datang”


“You have perhaps heard some false reports
On the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten--
Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars--
If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond them
Were that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears--
And where is the German Reich? There also
Will be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours;
Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die;
One fierce life lasts.”


“We are certainly descendents of the sea for our tears are salted and when we shed them on the jowl of time, the sea that has always been within us flows on our face. ”

“It is the business of man to become acquainted with the material universe in all of its manifestations, so far as may be possible, in order to provide a foundation of knowledge on which the reasoning mind of man may increasingly build.”


“I would rather be wise and than right and ignorant.”

“Perhaps the excellence of aphorisms consists not so much in the expression of some rare or abstruse sentiment, as in the comprehension of some obvious and useful truth in a few words.
We frequently fall into error and folly, not because the true principles of action are not known, but because, for a time, they are not remembered; and he may therefore be justly numbered among the benefactors of mankind who contracts the great rules of life into short sentences, that may be easily impressed on the memory, and taught by frequent recollection to recur habitually to the mind.”

“A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.”


“There are some who deploy casual wisdom for the purpose of engaging.”

“Even the snow melts, let alone the frugal regards of a soul confident in its own eternity.”


“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”


“What distances can be explored without God?”


“I believed in the faith of faith without acknowledging his quality of being an absolute truth.”


“Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.”


“Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.”

“Immer wieder behauptete Unwahrheiten werden nicht zu Wahrheiten, sondern, was schlimmer ist, zu Gewohnheiten.”

“Believing in what you don't know is as true as believing in what you know as long as your life is just an illusion. ”

“Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.”

“Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.”


“Wisdom most of the time takes form of advice. ”

“Courteous people learn courtesy from the discourteous”



“ Is there anyone that knows the absolute truth? ”

“The meaning of the words is necessary and not their extent. ”

“Ohne Gedankenfreiheit gibt es keine Weisheit. Und ohne Redefreiheit keine öffentliche Freiheit.”

“Ihr redet, wenn ihr aufhört mit euren Gedanken in Frieden zu sein.”

“ We should all have the freedom to die with majesty in an unworthy life which was subjected to sin and vanity. ”

“She had stayed home and worked hard and a posthumous recognition had eventually followed. Not that Buck hadn't worked hard, sure he did, but in the end the body won't hold up as a work of art.”


“This is the best possible way to retain important details that you wish to remember in any unified field of knowledge, whether it be the field of economics, science, history, or any other--link them up with related items which you already know or wouldn't mind knowing.”


“Before big bridges, deep tunnels and the advent of health and safety regulations, there were many ways to cross rivers. They would use rowing boats, rickety rafts or in the absence of a vessel, swim or wade. Everyone knew what a stepping-stone was. They all understood that it was not something that you would want to stand on for any length of time. It was a means to an end, an important point and a route from A to B.”

“Weisheit kann Angst nicht bannen, Angst jedoch kann Weisheit bannen.”

“Wisdom’s Pearl doth often dwell
Closed in Fancy’s rainbow shell”

“To breath through the truth is not the same with knowing it. ”

“ The truth can only be absolute as any relativity may include the untruth towards the system of reference where it varies.”

“Die Einsicht eines Menschen verleiht ihre Flügel keinem anderen.”

“Go to any small village anywhere in the world, and see what they remember. Everything. It's all there -- passed on like a precious piece of information, some secret imparted from one who knew to one who yearns to know. Taken good care of.”


“ Our entire life worth's less than one moment of the absolute's truth vanity. ”

“Without the absolute truth, to know the truth value of our own existence is beyond our strengths/limits/possibilities. ”

“Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.”

“ We are beings only in the extent of Our Life's Illusion. ”

“To be is the greatest paradox of life facing death. ”

“ The well of your soul will not experience the drought until in front of her will appear the moment of eternity to drink from the water of death.”

“ TO BE is life's dilemma while facing the eternity of death.”

“Money is not everything, But it can pay anything. And yes, Happiness is the most important and no one can pay for it.”

“Toulouse then felt a cool touch on his right hand as something wound around his wrist. It was the Lucefate snake, slowly coiling around him, winding tightly, but not enough to leave more than a slight impression afterwards. Toulouse flinched at first, yet forced himself to remain still and calm. It was Nature’s first commandment to humans: remain still and calm until you understand, until you have seen, heard, smelled, tasted, and felt all that was needed before acting.”


“It is only those who do not know who wander the paths. A blind eye and a stout heart create a true wanderer. Those who seek the paths do so in vain; only those who can see deep might hope to wander.”


“Julius Malema (Juju) the same people who were making fun of him, Posting and sharing jokes about him. Mocking and ridiculing him. Today are the same people who follow him and are fighting for him. They now believe in him and support his ideas that they were laughing at.
So you can never trust people. People change .
I just want you to ask yourself what kind of a person are you in life. The one who is like Malema, who fights for what he believes in , Nomatter what people say. Who stood his grounds and never gave up on his ideas, who pushed when opportunities were taken from him. Or are you the one who laughes at him and his ideas and later follow his ideas. Are you a leader or are you a follower.”

“Dont just have life, but live it. Its good to study and to work. its good thing to be responsible, serious and focus. But please make you sure that you dont get old or die without you enjoying your life. Sometimes do what you love and what makes you happy.”

“Have been most timid of cowards from day of birth," replied Li Han, without shame, "and this is an inauspicious day."
- "No it ain't," said Olaf, "it ban Thursday.”

“Knowledge gives nothing to a man until he gives everything to it.”


“Books and school are great for learning but there is no substitute for life and living to provide a real education.”

“An old person knows what it’s like to be young, but a young person doesn’t know what it’s like to be old. There’s no substitute for life experience.”

“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”



“Embrace criticism; it means someone felt you worthy of their time and attention.”

“We must resolve to live our lives and to build our lives in such a way, that if every ounce of fame were to dissipate tomorrow, and the only people who still remember our names are the few people around us who have true love for us in their hearts-- we would still be able to go on living life with an equal or even greater amount of happiness than before. You see, we must resolve to live our lives in such a way, that the worth and the value of it all comes from those things that are a part of our souls. You fill your soul with what is a part of it, with people who have made you a part of their hearts, and things that bring you awe. Then if all the world were to disappear before your eyes, just not any part of your soul, then you are okay! You are still happy. You can wake up to a new morning in a world that doesn't know you, retaining every ounce of worth that you had before! And maybe even more.”

“I am not a victim of circumstance, situation, nor any external condition of life. I am an active participant in the creation of my reality, meaning, I am actively participating in the creation of what I think, what I feel, what I spend my time on, who I spend my time with, what I consume mentally and physically, and all the blessings and contrastive experiences that come my way. Every effect has a cause and every cause has an effect, all of which include me because it is my life to live, my life to use, and my life to enjoy.”

“We do not want to deny existence. Yet we also do not want to limit existence. Thus, we observe and honor without forming opinion, labeling, or adding a story to the object of our observation.”

“A ‘caring’ judgment is still a judgment. And any form of judgment creates blocks and stagnation.”


“It is very possible to acknowledge another person’s concerns without entering into their vibration.”


“It’s okay to experience the flow of all emotions; however, if we get caught up in feeling pity for others and take on the responsibility of being their ‘savior’, we often take away their power to ‘save’ themselves. If I see someone as ‘messed up’ then I am projecting my ‘messed up’ vibration onto them, so I am unable to hold space. Yet, if I already view them as whole, well, and beautiful – then I am able to be a vibrational key (vessel of Spirit) that uplifts their energy so that it may come into alignment with being whole, well, and beautiful. It’s not that I do any of the healing; I’m simply a mirror reflecting acceptance and loving them for exactly who they are, right where they are. That is all that is ever truly asked of us, to accept and to love.”


“A single thought can shift your entire world.”


“I’m not here to disagree with people or try to change anyone’s mind. I’m just here to accept and love others right where they are – no matter their belief systems or backgrounds.”


“Even the most aware of us do not realize the infinite power we possess or the magnitude of the ability we have to create, transmute, and transcend.”


“We are evolving beyond the need for instinctual survival. No longer do we need to rely on our instincts of fight or flight, because our stresses today are not life-threatening. We have the recourse to remain at peace and in tune with the Universe. No longer do we need to be blinded by our impulsive human behaviors and reactions. We are coming to a time of transcendence in which we can choose to unplug ourselves from our predictable reactions and create a new future. Right now, our futures are easily calculable by those who understand the formula for humanity. Yet, what is missing from the formula is humanity’s ability to awaken and begin to truly exercise free will.”


“Absolute freedom comes when we make the choice to wake up and master our individual minds, bodies, hearts, and spirits. When we have this true freedom, we no longer act upon our impulsive thoughts or emotions. We gain the capability of controlling them within ourselves, which unlocks our greatest potential to create, transmute, and transcend the Mundane reality.”


“Sufis (the name for the realised individual, not the learner or follower) are reunited with objective Reality and Unity.”


“The time when freedom is no longer held in the highest regard is not during times of want or suffering, but during the era of civility, pleasure, and wealth.”

“You see, evil men, the likes of whom have sought to enslave their fellow man since the dawn of creation, took America not by might or strength of arms, but by deception and guile.”

“A man who never makes mistakes has long since ceased to do anything new. A man who is always making mistakes is a doomed man with swollen ambitions. But he who judiciously salts success with mistake is the rapid learner.”


“It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.”

“Star is always shining even during the day. Is just that people see it at night. Some people wont see who you are or what you are. What you can do, whats your value. Because its during the day in their lives. Wait until they reach the dark days or night. Thats when they will see who you are and how valueble you are.
The only reason people dont see your value is because its still during the day in their lives.”

“People wont support you, your business or ideas. But when they see that you have made it. They will tell ohters about you, like they are the ones who helped you to make it. They will be even asking for discounts, like they contributed towards your business.
You must let them know that if they dont support your struggle now. and they are not your regular clients. Then they should not expect any favours or discounts.”

“Never cheat or con an honest man.Never steal from someone who is poor.Never lie about an innocent man, because when you do . You are creating yourself bad luck and misfortune.”

“Dont take other people words, when they say some people are bad. Those people might be bad to them for certain reasons.
Some people want to be happy at the expenses of others no what the cost might be. They will ask you to do something for them. If you dont or say no. Then they will see you as a bad person.
Lot of people are victims of this.”

“God is our true blesser and the real blesser. With him I shall not want.He provides for me.
Have you seen the strenght, joy, peace & kindness he gave me. The spirit of forgiveness he gave me. Do you know the life he bought me. The patience & love he gave me. Let me not forget to mention the courage and wisdom he gave me.
You should see the places he takes me to spoil me. I mean we went From one story to another glory. From zero to hero. From nothing to something. From nobody to somebody. He takes me there so i can enjoy life. Which is another gift he gave me LIFE.
Goodness and mercy shall follow me. Aslong i am loyal to him , follow his comandment and do his will.
All of this things, they just cost me a prayer. Can you imagine that. A prayer nothing more can get you all this things.”

“You should see the places God takes me to spoil me. I mean we went From one story to another glory. From zero to hero. From nothing to something. From nobody to somebody. He takes me there so i can enjoy life. Which is another gift he gave me LIFE.”

“Nothing you learn is a waste.Because Information never gets rotten or rust. Whatever you have learned if you haven't used it yet. One day you will dont worry. Education is the key to open opportunites . Education is not a job but can help you to get or start a job.”

“The reason we dont succeed is because we have stop running and started concentrating on how other people are running their race. We have been looking at this people running their own race which is life for so long that we have forgotten that we ourselves are on the race as well. We have to finish our own race as well. Thats why we are no progressing because we are not moving.”

“Whatever you do. Make you dont get stuck. Lot of people in their mind are stuck in the past. In their love life stuck in previous relationships. When it comes to life they are stuck to the pain and horrible memeries they had. When comes to friends stuck to favours they have done for them. When comes to education stuck to that subject they did. Or what they have learned way back before things changed. They dont want to learn something new.
In order for you to be happy. Let go and move on. How can you expect better brighter future if you are not moving but stuck.”

“The reason we dont succeed . We always want to do things, the way other people do them. We dont do them according to our own ability and the best way we know how to do them. So we never better, and will never do better, because we let the limitation of others set standards for us.
Do your own things. Even if you do their own thing, do it your own way. if you want to prosper. Do your own thing. The only way you know how. It might not be the same as they did. But it can be the best thing ever .”

“Sufis aim to refine human consciousness. This is Sufi mysticism: not mystification or magic, but a specific Path.”



“Reading is one of the most common habit among the most successful people.”

“You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.”

“Its so sad, unffair and a shame, that most girls will look at the guy. End up not liking him. complaining and saying that he is broke, because he cant afford what she cant buy for herself.”

“Worldly religion is that which replaces Faith with mere wishful thinking. One must not make the common mistake of putting his faith in all the things he thinks God ought to bless him with; he should instead keep his faith planted in God Himself. Present to Him his needs and wants like a child to his Father, but have faith only in His wisdom and goodness like a servant to his King. God must always be one's everything before He is one's token to everything.”

“There is nothing for free inlife. The more you try to get free things. The more you pay for them with your own life. They will cost you more than you should have paid.”

“Any project without deadline. It never get done. anything you want to do , without timeframe. it never get started.”

“Sometimes its not what you are saying that is wrong. But who you said it to, that makes it wrong. Saying something right to the wrong crowd.Might make you think you said something wrong.”

“If this world always made sense and there wasn't the gloomy dark nights that awakened your soul, you would never grow ~ you would never become, nor seek greater version of yourself.”

“All too often, the rabbit hole is as deep as you have dug it.”

“Better to be a successful failure, than to fail at success.”


“Motivating others leads to success whereas inspiring others leads to greatness.”

“The clash is born of the fact that the child within me sees with undiluted clarity what the adult within me is incessantly working to deny. And in these most vexing moments, to be the adult is to defer to the child.”

“When you suspect old age is catching up with you, live faster!”


“Sure, I was a faery, I could do magic, but do I believe it? Oh, I know they are real, but knowing the truth and believing are two different things.”


“-Truly, freeing oneself in one’s own mind is only the first step on a path of freedom.-”


“A beautiful women is able to love , until she thinks and realised that she is beautiful, for some reasons. She changes and unable to love. Her heart becomes filled with pride. That she loses her dignity, self respect and humanity to love.”

“Seek knowledge . Its good to know, knowledge is power, but also knowledge its a burden to those who have good hearts. Because they always seek to do right that other people , end up taking advantage of them.”

“This is the paradox: No man who is really ignorant is ever aware that he is ignorant. That is its finest, most faulty manifestation; there can be no true ignorance without first some claim of intelligence or consciousness.”

“We have become so engrossed in the game of making money that we have forgotten our primary objective: the creation of abundance.”

“All that I can say is, that the wisest and best men in all ages had agreed in giving the preference, very greatly, to the pleasures of intellect; and that my own experience completely confirmed the truth of their decisions; that I had found sensual pleasures vain, transient, and continually attended with tedium and disgust; but that intellectual pleasures appeared to me ever fresh and young, filled up all my hours satisfactorily, gave a new zest to life, and diffused a lasting serenity over my mind”

“Well-meant techniques such as arbitrary self-mortification, are useless.”


“Empathy nurtures wisdom. Apathy cultivates ignorance.”


“Life it’s a relay. Every person is supposed to play their part in order for success to take place. It can be their own success or someone else success.
If we can learn sometimes we don’t have to make it to the finish line. When you feel like you can’t make it. Don’t hold what you have with you. Pass it on. You’re Information, knowledge, skill, support. To someone else. When they make it. You will also be a winner.
Sometimes people we become so selfish, that we hold what can make others succeed, and by their success we ourselves became successful as well. Maybe you are step 2 in someone success and their step 3 in your life to succeed. They can’t succeed without step 2 and you can’t succeed without step 3. So you need each other to succeed.
Help others by doing so you will be helping yourself.”

“Do not get down on your knees to pray just to show God that you always remember him. Instead stay on your feet, and always do as he would do in place of him.”


“O Heavenly Children, you chant God's name but you have forgotten him. He does not want your verses, or the coins from your purses, but for you to love and embrace each other. To uphold truth, justice and peace — and to respect your father and mother, fellow sisters and brothers.”


“O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.”


“O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.”


“One can travel the world and experience a lot of different things. But until all corners of the mind are openly explored does one gain deeper insight to the essence of living!~”

“If you cannot understand the mentality behind using other people, you are probably a good person.”

“COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHT
I was born the day
I thought:
What is?
What was?
And
What if?
I was transformed the day
My ego shattered,
And all the superficial, material
Things that mattered
To me before,
Suddenly ceased
To matter.
I really came into being
The day I no longer cared about
What the world thought of me,
Only on my thoughts for
Changing the world.”



“The people whom you love the most are the ones who can really and deepily hurt you. Love is always a sacrifice.”

“My unknown future is in the hands of all knowing God. God knows everything. Trusting him is the best policy cover I took. Always reliable, provides for my needs. Cover all my claims. Has lot of benefits and incetives. I always know i am protected. Any damages to me or in me will be covered by him.
Some people even when they see me as a loser but in him there is no failure”

“Love and Hate are two of the most used, abused, and misused words of mankind.”

“Life itself is a process of growing and aging. Through the experience of age we learn, grow, and prosper, becoming wiser, more adaptive, and better at handling an intricate network of relationships.”

“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”


“Racial animosity has no regard for other people’s dignity. It consumes its carrier to the point that it fools him into believing that that his race is the only race that matters to God. Heresy!”

“s a black man, enjoy your blackness without trampling on others’ toes. As a white man enjoy your whiteness without infringing on others’ rights. I do not owe anyone any explanation whatsoever as to why am I Black because I did not choose my pigmentation, as much as my white fellows did not choose theirs.”

“The wisdom of ignorance is the understanding of just how little we really know.”

“Wisdom is understanding the extent of what we know that we don’t know.”

“A waterfall cannot be silent, just as the wisdom! When they speak, the voice of power speaks!”

“Many people get visited by the Lord in a given time but lack the wisdom to navigate in it.”

“To all women who gave birth. To all women who are raising someone or who raised someone. Even might not be the child of their own. To every women who is loving, caring and protecting. To every women whose life is a struggle because she wants the best for her little ones.
Some have even stopped living the life of their own. Some stopped getting nice things for themselves or going out to enjoy nice time and life. Some ended not caring about their own happiness. But cared about the happiness of their children. Some even stopped dating or going out , because of the fear how the children will grow up. Some put their dreams on hold , because now every decision they think or make is for their children.
Nothing you do , or sacrifice for goes unnoticed. May God bless you all . Give you more years to live. Give you healthy life. Give you enough strength to raise those children.
Happy Mothers Day”

“To lovers out there....
No one should make you feel like they are doing you a favor by dating you or being in a relationship with you. No should should boast that if it wasn't for them. You wouldn't be this person or you wouldn't be happy. No one owes you anything.
Every action or behavior is voluntarily. So when someone does something good.
Its good to say thank you or please to your partner because whatever they are doing. They are not obliged or compelled to. They dont owe you anything to do that. So you must show them that you appreciate what they do for you and that you appreciate them in your life. Truth is your partner can be with anyone. But they chose to be with you . They can do everything for someone , but they chose to do them for you.
In order to keep your relationship. Relationship manners matters. Always remember to use these words. (Thank you and please.)”

“So much anger & hatred on social media especially twitter. Social media has become a pulpit or platform for people to bring each other down. Than lifting each other up. Easily people getting into other people business.
Enemies join forces with the people whom dont even know u. Just to sabotage and gang on u with hatred. Taking one side of the story and making it the whole story. What I have learned about hate that is contagious. Spreads faster than fire, And most people hate what they want to be but cant be.
Most people who hate is because of the opportunities they missed. The time they wasted and wishes that failed. That they hate everything perfect and good existing or archived. That they are not part of it. Or they are not it.
The rich making fun of the poor. Strong making fun of the weak.
To my developers. "Lets do button that will determine if your account is hacked and its not u updating . Then messages wont be posted. If you are angry or intoxicated then messages wont be posted. It will need to validate if its u before posting any status or message.
I dj kyos copyright the idea"
Lets all try to be part of a solution than being part of the problem. Lets support each other and love one another.”

“A person with the nice feelings gives to oneself the right purpose and meaning of life, but not without own suffering.”

“The questions you don't ask are just as important as you do. The questions you ask show what you understand, and ones you don't show what you know.”

“The would-be Sufi needs guidance precisely because books, texts, while telling you what is needed, do not tell you when.”


“Secrets are foolish creatures, I have learned. No longer do I wish to play with fools.”


“You know more than you
think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.”

“youth is the one
thing worth having.”


“Everyone is just alone, but the only thing is that most people have not known.”

“Look in the mirror and be sure you're living out the person you see and not a shadow.”

“Most business, big labels, Artists and Corporate failed because they took lightly the job or part of administration. Which is the fuel that runs the business. If you want your business to succeed .If you want your ideas to succeed. Do proper job and invest in administration.
Do your paper work well and then your buisiness will do well.”

“Foolish and stupid things are always done by the person who tries to prove a point.
When you try to prove a point, what actually are you trying to prove. its either they believe or they dont.”

“There could be no pride on a person's side for spending any length of time at any position with any designation in any organisation as an employee, but there is enough width and depth of pleasure to treasure for spending even a single day in a smallest own firm as an entrepreneur to give employment to many or a single person.”

“Every successful person can point to that one single event or moment in their life that was the difference between ultimate success and failure.”

“I have cried out and poured my heart and soul to you. You didnt listen and you didnt care. So I had to live with that. So now I live knowing you dont listen and dont care. So now you have to live with that”

“Its not business until it makes you money or bring you income.”

“I dont take rejections very well. They make me work more harder.
You may be something great that people dont see. But its up to you to make them see what you see, or how you see yourself.”

“I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.”

“Stress and sleep deprivation had a funny way of liberating the mind from previously held truisms, replacing them with a more compliant desperation.”



“To strive to better oneself is natural and expected.
To abandon oneself in an effort to attain a new self is foolish and unhealthy.”


“Self worth is not measured by what you have, no matter how full your life is. Rather, it comes from what you are, how authentically you're really living your life, and how much you are willing to give.”

“Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take as
many chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.”


“Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take as many chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.”


“Rise from the ashes and become the phoenix. Let your glory and wisdom keep blazing on forever. This is your chance. This is your time. Remake your life into something truly spectacular.”


“Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.”


“You are a storehouse of love.”


“There is nowhere I have to go, nothing I have to do and nobody I have to be, than being who I truly am, right here, right Now.”

“Young man, the secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered that I was not God.”

“Knowledge is learning something from every observation; wisdom is learning to use that knowledge with love.”

“Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.”

“It has taken me quite a few years to realize the fact that most of the thoughts in my head are not necessary.”

“Accept where you are, accept what you have, accept who you are ~ do what you can with all of that and let it be enough.”

“The youth who, like a woman, loves to adorn his person, has renounced all claim to wisdom and to glory; glory is due to those only who dare to associate with pain, and have trampled pleasure under their feet.”


“Wisdom demands that we align our understanding of the world with the way it is; the truth of the world.”

“The reason for the past is only revealed in the future.”

“The highest form of wisdom comes from deep observation, kind realization, and curious actualization.”

“I would rather be kind than wise.”

“Wisdom is the ultimate source of kindness and happiness.”

“Kindness is true wisdom—not cleverness.”

“When someone can love without judging, he is truly wise.”

“What you are pleased to call Sufism is merely the record of past method.”


“He who knows others is wise;
He who knows himself is enlightened.”

“I write to understand what I know.”

“Great bodies die but great minds don't die! Inside the tomb of great men lay dead body's but at the library of great men lay the living minds of dead bodies!”

“No amount of time, energy, or money can make up for a plan that will not deliver the desired results.”

“Learning to cut your losses is one of the most difficult lessons in life.”

“It takes hard work to get discovered, to gain visibility in an industry, or to create the opportunity for the seeds of serendipity to develop.”

“Pain is inevitable, yet suffering is optional. It is our heart connections that make all the difference. When we experience mental, physical, emotional, or spiritual pain – love is the one medicine that transcends any synthetic or organic drug we use to suppress pain.”



“What is your heart worth to you? The answer is ‘everything’. Our hearts are worth the World.”


“There is no excuse good enough to ever be out of alignment with love. You’re going to get hurt, and you will feel pain. Yet your purpose is to keep loving, anyway. Keep moving forward with an open heart. Love is a Divine gift given to humanity. Wasting it is no longer an option. Love is what brings light to a dark place. Love is what transforms a dying world into a thriving planet.”


“There's always a moment that separates the past from the future, and that moment is now.”

“The Law of Attraction takes into account all of your doubts. So, if you say you practice the Law of Attraction yet always carry an extra parachute with a Plan B, C, & D for those ‘just in case’ scenarios… you may be tricking yourself into believing that you believe when, in actuality, you are quite insecure. If you always have a backup plan ready – though it may come off as ‘prepared’ and ‘smart’ – it also implies that you do not fully trust that Spirit will always provide.”


“Learning is not knowledge; it’s programming the mind.”

“When faced with contrast, take nothing personally and don’t try to defend yourself. Defending one’s self is a vibrational relative of guilt. People will think what they like; do not feed fuel to the fire by reacting. Simply ask questions for clarity and in response say ‘Is that so?’ Take responsibility for the energy you brought to the situation, acknowledge the illusions without attachment, and move forward. Other people’s opinions are none of your business. Remember that each person is on their own unique path, and the mirror of contrast you hold up to them may be exactly what is necessary for their conscious growth at that time.”


“Fear and paranoia create many of our worldly struggles. We get something in our minds and our distorted perception sculpts the reality of what we see. Even though what we see isn’t really there, we tend to act as if it is. We then begin to put people and things into boxes, labeling them, and limiting them due to our fears.”


“Sufism is that which succeeds in bringing to man the High Knowledge.”


“People change and needs change. So what was Sufism once is Sufism no more.”


“Who said you weren't good enough? If it was you then pack up that thought and send it to Mars. If it wasn't you then pack up that thought and send it back to that person.”

“It’s very possible to live life without disliking anyone. It’s all vibration. We can get to the point where ‘dislike’ does not even register as an option in the default settings of our minds.
Some may wonder, ‘What does it matter if I like or dislike people?’
In my perception, it matters greatly since dislike influences our entire energetic body. It becomes part of our vibrational aura, what we’re emitting and receiving in return from the world. How we respond to the world is how the world will treat us.”


“Contrast is not ‘bad’ since the contrast we experience still causes us to learn and grow. Expansion never ceases, and that is a beautiful thing. Contrast allows us to see what is not in alignment with our Authentic Selves, and then presents us with opportunity after opportunity to respond from a place of compassion, forgiveness, acceptance, love, joy, gratitude, etc. Thus, when we break the karmic loop we swing back into alignment with Spirit.”


“...Data itself... was tolerable. It was the constant nerve-web-expanding pain of context that would kill him.”


“Close your eyes and trust; go in the direction of what makes you feel authentically lighter and brighter. There is no good or bad. Retribution feels vibrationally better than desperation. It’s better than sitting still because your energy has movement. Frustration is better than retribution, because now you’re not projecting negative energy outward, you’re processing it within. Apathy is better than frustration; at least you’ve reached some form of detachment. Optimism is better than apathy. Optimism becomes happiness. Co-creative inspiration follows… and then comes joy.”


“Placing real knowledge in the context of greater truth: openly, sincerely and responsibly, leads to wisdom.”

“Energy does not judge, it merely creates.”


“To grow we must understand that which we know: only understanding leads to real knowledge.”

“Fairy tales and stories of fantasy bridge the gap and inspires the heart and mind wherever religious thought reaches its limits or meets a dead end. In other words, fairy tales are spiritual in nature, rising above set dogmas and traditions to provide a modern and universal spiritual nourishment for the human soul.”

“The purpose of education is to grow and acquire wisdom.”

“The war going on within you is a reflection of every war that has ever taken place… past, present, and future. Each individual is a Spiritual Warrior and there is only one demon you must conquer…your SELF. You are the devil and you are the savior. You are a human with free will, and every morning you wake up and you make a choice.”


“Are you able to remain humble and kind when things do not go the way you want or expect? Be kind when you are in pain; be kind even when your life seems to be falling apart around you. Be humble not only when you succeed but also when you fail. Kindness in word and action, and humble in thought and belief. It is important to not only say and do the ‘right’ thing, it is important to also think and believe it - which is being genuine in nature of peace embodiment.”

“Yes, contrast teaches us a great many things and there is purpose for it. Yet it is time to transcend your everyday dramas that are but drops in an ocean. Cease focusing on your droplets of water and look around you. Everything you say and touch and do sets into motion ripples that either heal and create or curse and destroy. Let me repeat: Everything.”


“Real knowledge is obtained through education of the mind, the heart and the spirit.”

“It’s important to have a vision of the long run and make wise decisions for our highest good in the present moment; however, we don’t want to become attached to how everything must look. When we show up in good faith, life provides. And when we trust, we are always in the flow of manifestation.”


“At what point in your life do you say I have had enough... money, food, clothes, these possessions that we keep killing one another for even power and dominance? One advice, look at your age and declare that my age dictates I start doing this thing, I should stop doing this and that, I should say this and not that... in essence grow your brain to reason. Just like that.”

“If a person wants to be a part of your life,
they will make an obvious effort to do so.
Think twice before reserving a space in your heart
for people who do not make an effort to stay.”

“None of us suffers as much as we should, or loves as much as we say. Love is the first lie; wisdom the last.”


“Good… Bad? I’m not here to judge where you’re at or where you’ve been. I’m simply here to encourage you in where you would like to go. You have the map; I’ll shine the light on it so you can better read it. And eventually, the sun will rise again in your life and you’ll no longer need my light to assist you.”


“Pride is pride not because it hates being wrong, but because it loves being wrong: To hate being wrong is to change your opinion when you are proven wrong; whereas pride, even when proven wrong, decides to go on being wrong.”

“Brock sighed. “Alright then, Spunky. I was thinking about life, I guess.”
Spunky grunted. “In other words, you were thinking about a woman.”
“I didn't say that—”
“No.” Spunky grinned knowingly. “But your face did.”



“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences guide us to wisdom.”


“When we constantly fill up all our "empty" time with stimulation in the form of electronic devices, games, and distractions, our brains become disengaged and the thinking process is effectively halted. We never get to hear our own inner voice-we don't develop a relationship with ourselves and our minds. We don't get to know who we are because we're not listening.”


“The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”


“Knowledge is borrowed; wisdom is earned.”

“Knowledge lets you swim and wisdom lets you fly.”

“We were created with more than five senses. Apart from the basic five, we also have the gut and the third eye. The gut being the seat of all feeling, and the third eye being the seat of intuition (foresight).”


“We must think of ourselves as a tribe — as an international community that has come together with a common purpose of being initiated into the process.
We all have to do it together. There is a link that happens — where THE growth, my growth, depends on the others' growth around us.
We can no longer take these steps by ourselves. We have created a synergistic community. We must take a step towards knowledge together.”

“We are the portal to absolute Knowingness; all doctrines and teachings are simply a reflection of our wisdom or ignorance.”

“We free our own minds
each time we pause to wonder
whether we are free.”

“Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects.”


“Knowledge is the seed for thought. Knowledge, experience, and thoughts give birth to wisdom.”

“You are here having realized the necessity of contending with yourself; then thank everyone who provides an opportunity.”

“True wealth comes less from having riches than from knowing how to live richly.”

“Quem pausa para admirar a beleza se torna tambem belo.
(One who pauses to admire beauty becomes, himself, beautiful.)”

“The highest form of wisdom is to be simple and live in the beauty of love.”

“Knowledge will help you to gain wisdom; wisdom will open your mind to being kind.”

“Even if a person unravels everything before everyone to say the real facts: ‘This is This’ & ‘That is That’, the probability is very high is that the majority of people may say ‘This is That’ & ‘That is This’.”

“Virtue is harder to be got than knowledge of the world; and, if lost in a young man, is seldom recovered.”

“Wisdom is knowing what to do next. Virtue is doing it.”

“Having knowledge doesn’t mean we are educated and most certainly doesn’t imply wisdom.”

“wisdom demands that we align our understanding with the way it is; the truth of the world.”

“Obtaining wisdom is perhaps best described as walking the path that is simultaneously our destination: it’s rediscovering the true self within the beingness of the Absolute.”

“Seeing is an art; To become an artist, you need to feel.”

“The best wisdom is knowing not to judge anyone and to be kind to everyone.”

“The burden of information often makes us blind; wisdom opens our eyes.”

“Knowing the answer is knowledge and knowing the question is wisdom.”

“Wherever wind visits, there it freshens the air; wherever wisdom visits, there it freshens the mind!”

“IMPRESSIONS
Time brought a thousand impressions.
Not one of them had I seen in the mirror of the imagination.
(Anwar-i-Suhaili)”

“Worry not
if you are in darkness
and the void sucks you in further.
This is not the place we go to die.
It’s where we are born
and our stories begin.”

“Wise men may grow arrogant in their wisdom, but a maester must always remain humble.”



“The most common way to spot a common person is perhaps that s/he, irrespective of her/his wealth position, has almost all thinking common most often with the most people.”

“Although it pains me to admit it, I am quite familiar with the holes in life. And this familiarity is due to the fact that I spend far more time in these holes than I spend on the paths that brought me to them.”


“When love comes easy, forgiving is hard and forgetting even harder.”

“It is as true as anything else which can be spoken to say that all knowledge is really available everywhere.”


“Darkness within clouds the world without.”


“When the melody plays, footsteps move, heart sings and spirit begin to dance.”

“Soar like an eagle beyond skies of heavens reach; as wings of dreams dance with winds of reality.”

“Music does not need language of words for it has movements of dance to do its translation.”

“Dance less in motion and more in spirit; awaken the dreamer within.”

“Dance resides within us all. Some find it when joy conquers sorrow, others express it through celebration of movements; and then there are those... whose existence is dance,”

“We who lose our footing have lost our way.”

“Each morning offers lessons in light. For the morning light teaches the most basic of truths: Light chases away darkness.”

“We need help from above if we are to make progress in our journeys.”


“Do you and I allow light to chase darkness from our souls as well?”


“Be bold, speak from your heart.”

“Solitude is sanity.”

“World seems like a void of silence every time footsteps are deprived of dancing shoes.”

“Man skal ikke plage andre, man skal være grei og snill, og for øvrig kan man gjøre hva man vil.”

“Hearts shall dance once again; when canvas of ice is painted with the brush of skates.”

“what kills us the most ,more than our enemies is our mentality and perception .”

“Everything is Perfect, but it differs in different views..”

“Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls”

“When a child studies hard, it seems that he is going to be an industrious and in service; but if a child studies hardly, then wondering why it seems that he is going to be a big industrialist on growing up.”

“Crowns belong to those that serve.”

“A true prophet would rather be believed false by many but actually true than believed true by many but actually false.”

“Universe converses with every person's nature in its own language round the clock. The challenge is only to understand it correctly.”

“Funny how we do not realize the true value and legacy of a living icon until they suddenly pass away. Truth is, there are many living legends among us, we just do not stop and take time to notice their worth until it's too late.”

“People should be always careful of two persons. One who is totally dedicated to his family especially his wife and others who are completely addicted to the women in life.”

“Many have knowledge and only few have wisdom.”

“This is the sacred secret of love. Love a person for their heart and only their heart, and you will be rewarded with the best unconditional love in return. If you ignore the heart and focus just on a person’s outer beauty, love will ignore you. Love a person for only the beauty found in their heart, and that beautiful heart will always be beautiful to you.”

“When I was a kid my mom would send me off to school each day with the words, ‘Remember: be happy! The most important thing today is that you are happy!”



“Every creature was designed to serve a purpose. Learn from animals for they are there to teach you the way of life. There is a wealth of knowledge that is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals. Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.”


“Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?
We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”
Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.
There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?
Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!
Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!
Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.
I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”


“The moment we accept our pain is the moment we release our suffering. Suffering is created when we offer life resistance, and what we resist most are the experiences that bring us pain.”


“Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.”


“Unhappiness and dissatisfaction with life are common themes in the American culture today.
Folks sometimes mistake my meaning when I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, because they all too often rush to drop everything that is weighing them down. They quit the job, ditch the unhappy marriage, cut out negative friends and family, get out of Dodge, etc. I do not advocate such hastiness; in fact, I believe that rash decision-making leads to more problems further down the road. Another unsatisfying job manifests; another unhappy relationship results. These people want a new environment, yet the same negative energy always seems to occupy it.
This is because transformation is all about the internal shift, not the external. Any blame placed on outside sources for our unhappiness will forever perpetuate that unhappiness. Pointing the finger is giving away your power of choice and the ability to create our best life. We choose: “That person is making me unhappy” vs. “I make myself happy.”
When you are in unhappy times of lack and feelings of separation – great! Sit there and be with it. Find ways to be content with little. Find ways to be happy with your Self. As we reflect on the lives of mystics past and present, it is not the things they possess or the relationships they share that bring them enlightenment – their light is within. The same light can bring us unwavering happiness (joy).
Love, Peace, Joy – these three things all come from within and have an unwavering flame – life source – that is not dependent on the conditions of the outside world. This knowing is the power and wisdom that the mystics teach us that we are all capable of achieving.
When I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, I am not referring to external conditions; I am referring to the choice you have to look inward and discover the ability to transform the lead of the soul into gold.
Transformation is an inner journey of the soul. Why? Because, as we mentioned above, wherever we go, ourselves go with us. Thus, quitting the job, dumping relationships, etc. will not make us happy because we have forgotten the key factor that makes or breaks our happiness: ourselves.
When we find, create, and maintain peace, joy, and love within ourselves, we then gain the ability to embrace the external world with the same emotions, perspective, and vibration. This ability is a form of enlightenment. It is the modern man’s enlightenment that transforms an unsatisfying life into one of fulfillment.”


“Every day I wake up and ask myself, ‘How can I accept myself and others more fully?”


“We all have the power within us, to make something of ourselves, the thing is very few believe it.”

“Seek knowledge from the Great Spirit.”

“You may not need to tell me, I can hear your song better when your voice is silent and your heart is singing.”

“When you hoard knowledge, you deprive yourself of blessings and growth.”

“There's an art to life. Some people have talent for it. A boundless hope illuminates them. Where others are vague and tentative, they have only sharp, clear edges. Energy soars; lights burn brighter when they enter a room.”


“Everything is rated.maintain high rating in life”


“Work so hard that even hard work
says damn he is tougher
than me :)”

“Commitment precedes success. What you are committed to doing you will be successful at doing.”

“On the road to success there is absolutely no room for criticism of self or others. Insecurity and fear masquerade as jealousy and judgment. Finding faults in others wastes time as we attempt to remove the bricks from other people’s foundations – time that could be better spent building our own. And worrying about what other people think about us also wastes the time that could be better spent expanding upon what we have built.”


“On the road to success, there is always room to share appreciation and gratitude for other people’s successes. Feeling gratitude for other people raises our own vibration, while adding cement to the bricks we lay. Finding the best qualities in others allows us to build those qualities within ourselves. And when we focus on our personal growth with open hearts and minds, the speed with which we construct dramatically increases, because all the while, we are attracting more like energy and like-minded people into our lives to assist us.”


“Like a sponge, we absorb, not liquid, but energy. Each morning we wake up as a fresh, dry sponge, ready to take in the world around us. Throughout the day, we interact with people, various energies, and a range of vibration. Each time, we absorb energy – either a small amount or a great deal – depending on whether the contact is direct or residual. And when we are filled to the point that we can absorb no more, we sometimes feel like we might explode. We know this bursting point – it reveals itself in our over-stimulated, over-stressed, near-crazy minds. Sleep often releases the energetic buildup, yet meditation works just as well. Meditation throughout the day “wrings out” our soggy, spongy selves. Deliberate mindfulness in the present moment can keep us from absorbing things we don’t resonate with, so that we no longer reach the point of mental breakdowns or emotional overloads.”


“A man who is not in his proper place of reverence for and submission to God
cannot be wise.
”


“Recognising clichés is a sign of aging.”


“Every day, I take steps to resolve all my karmic ties, live with intention, smile and laugh often, express my love, and act on what brings me fulfillment. Why wait until we have one foot in the grave to suddenly become spiritual, forgiving, and at peace with the world?”


“Until you press the switch button of the light in your room on, you shall always have light in your room and still leave in darkness.”

“My innocence is not lost—it has been converted into wisdom. The sensation we call "breaking" is the pain that comes from resisting the truth. Life broke parts of me that needed to fall away for me to live an open and truthful life.”


“Every emotion in the human spectrum is actually a teacher that is here to show us the degree in which we are either resisting life or flowing with life.”


“Learn to observe your emotions without needing to act or distract yourself from them. Within that stillness your truest most vulnerable thoughts will arise and it is these thoughts that will show you where your healing work must begin.”


“Your Ego tells you that you were wronged and it validates your separation. Your Higher Self tells you that you were blessed and it validates your expansion.”


“Betrayal converts our innocence to wisdom if we can let go of pain, bitterness, and fear and create enough self-love and safety for ourselves to allow it to do so.”


“The wisdom to be on the throne of one’s life must surpass the wisdom of the one being ruled, otherwise I will squander the whole of my life in the most appalling ways. By virtue of that reality, I would be wise to get out of the chair and invite God to have a seat.”


“For a great many skeptics are put to waste. But this is meant in the sense that which they vainly focus their energy on ridiculing a certain tiny denomination of Biblical fundamentalism, a denomination seated just one chair away from unbelief; they, the skeptics, cannot believe because they are the most literal of fundamentalists: of those that which must interpret Scripture only by means of a sort of obsolete and dead script of intellectual incompetence. By all means, this is supposed to happen - Scripture states of itself that all thought and interpretation is folly without the Holy Spirit - but on the other hand, it seems, ironically, that if one thinks that the Bible is, in its true essence, an outdated text, he doesn't know much about the world around him nor those who live in it. Either that, or he doesn't know much about what it says in relation to the world around him nor to those who live in it. It's as though he, too, is dead to the world and it to him. He has no spirit: he can only possibly understand Scripture as deceased rather than the modern world's very living narrative.”

“Let not the wise disturb the mind of the unwise in their selfish work. Let him, working with devotion, show them the joy of good work.”

“Man (as he imagines himself to be), in general, is a possibility, not a fact.”

“Everything that brings us well being is achieved through allowing ourselves to flow with life and be in harmony. Pain happens, it is our attachment to the pain and our resistance to change that causes suffering.”



“You have the power inside of You. Do not be scared to wield it, for the battles You face give no allowances for your cute little sense of innocence and ignorance. They will overrun and vanquish You at the slightest chance they get. So, fight You must to stay up or be prepared to go down.
Remember this though: With great power comes great responsibility and true power is wielded efficiently in time and with wisdom.”

“Wonder is wisdom.”

“It is too late! Ah, nothing is too late
Till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.
Cato learned Greek at eighty; Sophocles
Wrote his grand Oedipus, and Simonides
Bore off the prize of verse from his compeers,
When each had numbered more than fourscore years,
And Theophrastus, at fourscore and ten,
Had but begun his Characters of Men.
Chaucer, at Woodstock with the nightingales,
At sixty wrote the Canterbury Tales;
Goethe at Weimar, toiling to the last,
Completed Faust when eighty years were past,
These are indeed exceptions; but they show
How far the gulf-stream of our youth may flow
Into the arctic regions of our lives.
Where little else than life itself survives.”


“Your call to power is to slow down and reflect within. Gather the peace within yourself before you go out and act among the world. The feel good feeling that lasts is only achieved when you yourself know peace. Nothing is more powerful. This is why you have the highs and lows, the mood swings, the transcendent ecstasy followed by the crash. It is because you have yet to develop a foundation of peace for yourself that acts as an unmovable anchor in your life. Establish this peace in your life and you will experience a whole new reality of the world that flows with you in every way possible, rather than against you.”


“Being under stress is like being stranded in a body of water. If you panic, it will cause you to flail around so that the water rushes into your lungs and creates further distress. Yet, by calmly collecting yourself and using controlled breathing you remain afloat with ease.”


“Peace does not demand that everyone like or want the same reality.”


“Truth falls from the heavens like rain, gently carving many channels in the earth. Your truth may be different from my own, yet both are still true.”


“Our goal in life is to carry with us the wisdom of experience, yet treat each new day as its own unique reality, rather than comparing what currently is to what has been in the past. When we compare, we plant expectations that then become self-fulfilling prophesies through the Law of Attraction.”


“The present moment is all that ever is, and in each new moment we die and are reborn. For example, people block love and close off their hearts out of fear of being hurt again. If they lived in the present moment, there would be no fear and they would walk forward in life with confidence and certainty that there is the joy of new experiences to be had.”


“Peace never hurries. To rush or force is contradictory to the very essence of peace.”


“We cannot dim another person’s light without first extinguishing our own.”


“Your anger – about matters that you think are personal and yours alone – is, in fact, the fuel for the machines of war. Your kindness towards strangers on the street is, in fact, the grace and serenity that brings millions of people together to work towards the common good of all.”


“Enlightenment isn’t about reaching a destination of “knowing”, it is about developing consistent vibrational harmony within one’s self and with the surrounding world.”


“All that exists is the present moment”


“Master Teachers who genuinely embody an enlightened state of being never stop “doing the work”. The ego is what assumes it knows enough, causing cessation of these daily practices, and therefore, Masters without attachment to ego are forever students of the Universe. The Masters attain an illuminated state of “Being” as the outcome, yet it is the consistent “doing” that promotes and maintains their enlightenment.”


“I am wealth, prosperity, and abundance. God multiplies this and I give thanks I AM receiving more and more money everyday.”

“Through transcendence of duality, we foster greater unity in our lives, which brings about inner peace and the sprouting of unconditional LOVE.”


“The actual, expanded consciousness, reality of our planet is that all of life is LOVE; our very existence is LOVE. Everything that exists is just varying degrees of this LOVE; polar absolutes do not exist. Good versus evil is pure illusion. Even the most seemingly “negative” person with ill intent is still in the spectrum of love.”


“Mine is the disaster, if disaster there be; and to be severely distressed at one's own misfortunes does not show that you love your friend, but that you love yourself.”


“Nature is a matchmaker and not a match-fixer, so it only inspires and not conspires. Therefore, a person befriends the people of his/her character only.”

“It is mathematics which reveals every genuine truth, for it knows every hidden secret, and bears the key to every subtlety of letters; whoever then has the effrontery to study physics while neglecting mathematics, should know from the start that he will never make his entry into the portals of wisdom.”

“Our call to action is to be in the flow of life, accepting life as it is and as it comes. We must allow life to be life in all its impermanent grandeur. Nothing remains the same, and those who fight change, or are in denial of it, create chaos within their own lives and the lives of those they have influence over.”


“Definitions from Mulla Do-Piaza
Flattery:
One of the most promising of businesses: always brisk.”


“When we allow ourselves to be authentically free, it raises our vibration.”


“The burning lamp is found in reading books.”

“If we fail to read, we miss the treasure of wisdom.”

“Literature is light.”

“We are what we remember. If we lose our memory, we lose our identity and our identity is the accumulation of our experiences. When we walk down the memory lane, it can be unconsciously, willingly, selectively, impetuously or sometimes grudgingly. By following our stream of consciousness we look for lost time and things past. Some reminiscences become anchor points that can take another scope with the wisdom of hindsight. ("Walking down the memory lane" )”

“Never close the door of your heart to anyone. They may not be in vibrational alignment today, so you must place physical distance between you and them for your own well-being, but later in life, they may awaken and seek forgiveness, understanding, and peace. If you close the door to your heart, when they come seeking later on, they will find their way blocked and may walk away without knocking, since it took all the courage they had to just approach. Yet, if you leave the door open to your warm heart and they see that you are full of welcoming energy, co-creation will always be the reward, allowing you to make together a more beautiful world for all.”



“Detachment is being apathetic or aloof to other people, while un-attachment is acknowledging and honoring other people, while choosing not to let them influence your emotional well being. Detached would mean I do not care, while un-attached means I care, although I am not going to alter my emotional state due to your emotions, words, or actions.”


“The more you know yourself, the less judgemental you become”

“A MOTTO OF THE HUMAN RACE
Tell me what to do; but it must be what I want you to tell me.”


“When we ourselves are not truly in a place of peace and we go out and try to create peace in the world, it becomes a fragmented and sometimes even corrupt form of peace. This happens because only peace can create peace, and unless we are the embodiment of it, we are projecting our bias of what peace should look like onto other people’s lives. To be at peace means to accept reality as is. Embodying peace is, in fact, the very essence of what it means to be free, as well as offering this freedom to others.”


“Because becoming suns to enlighten other people's faded suns is really worth it”

“Compassion dissolves ignorance.”


“You should be happy because I was certain (predictable) with u, rest of the world named me VOLCANO.
-baba bali”

“You should be happy because I was certain (predictable) with u, rest of the world named me VOLCANO.”

“Un-attachment (as opposed to detachment) is the acceptance that each and every person is responsible for his or her own reality, and that our joy, peace, security, and sense of love is not dependent on any other person or situation. We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.”


“We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.”


“There is something in this January Siberian landscape that overpowers, oppresses, stuns. Above all, it is its enormity, its boundlessness, its oceanic limitlessness. The earth has no end here; the world has no end. Man is no created for such measureless. For him a comfortable, palpable, serviceable measure is the measure of his village, his field, street, house. At sea, the size of the ship's deck will be such a measure. Man is created for the kind of space that he can traverse at one try, with a single effort.”


“Our reality is colored by our vibration and belief systems. In other words, the experiences we have in the world with other people are dictated by the energy we bring with us wherever we go.”


“Ignorance is an illusion; we seek understanding. Compassion paves the way towards understanding and understanding paves the way towards acceptance.”


“Man has only wisdumb to gain knowledge but God alone has wisdom, for he possesses all knowledge past, present and future and there is not one iota of knowledge that he does not possess or will not possess." C. R. Lord”

“It is called understanding when one accepts other’s talks of wisdom; but, where is the wisdom filled talk in this era?”

“Some of us believe that God is almighty, and can do everything; and that he is all wise, and may do everything; but that he is all love, and will do everything— there we draw back.”


“Wonder is an open heaven to wisdom.”

“The knowledge of the Holy One is the key to all knowledge.”

“Many people have the confused idea that peace will happen when all the colors in the palette are the same. The actuality of peace is accepting each color’s differences and seeing the beauty each possesses.”


“When people of different religions or countries harm people as a means to create peace, it’s out of the compulsion to make all colors the same. This is also why people think that war is a logical avenue towards creating peace. People who do not have or know inner peace perpetuate these shards of illusions. Thus, they are projecting their fragmented concepts of peace out onto the world.”


“Judgment is contrary to the vibration of unconditional love”


“When we can accept reality as it is and are okay with it without needing to change it, we then can begin to take steps toward creating a brighter reality for ourselves and others, coming from a place of understanding. But when we are motivated to change reality due to our discomfort with it, we do not think clearly. The reason that there is so much suffering in the world is because people are too busy judging everyone and everything, and through the judgments they perpetuate the suffering. People are so focused on changing outside conditions, all the while forgetting the judgment and separation within their own heart.”


“Wisdom is creating your own opinion. Everyone else is following someone else’s opinion.”

“Wise individuals frequently say very little, but what they do say hits the mark. Such remarks often remain in the mind of the recipient for a long time, possibly a lifetime.”


“The world brazenly touts freedom as both the inalienable right and morally liberating justification to mindlessly play in the filth that lies all around me. And the slight bit of sanity that yet remains within me asks, ‘what raging madness would prompt me to incessantly wallow in the very things that will eventually swallow me?”


“Wisdom stems from personal accountability. We all make mistakes; own them... learn from them. Don’t throw away the lesson by blaming others.”

“Force without wisdom falls of its own weight”

“Don't just become a monument of information, rather a solace of knowledge refuge.”

“To be sure, just because the darkness and the light are equally sacred does not mean we benefit by becoming complacent about the darkness we may meet in ourselves. Ultimately, if we are to cleanse the mirror of perception and purify ourselves, then we must bring light into the darkness. That’s always been the path of consciousness and the movement of illumination. This coexistence of darkness and light indeed creates a dance in which the clarity of light is invited to lead, but it does not create a hierarchy.”



“People can only perceive you through their own vibration, not through your vibration. Your vibration certainly influences theirs, though they are the primary creators of their reality and they perceive an aspect of you into existence that is unique to their reality. Any energy spent worrying about what other people think about you is wasted energy due to all the simultaneous, co-existing realities which you have no control over. What you do have control over are your thoughts and your own vibration. And through this control, you can train your mind to create the most uplifting reality possible. When you do so, the people not in vibrational alignment with your reality will either unconsciously raise their vibration to meet you or simply fall away because they no longer match the vibration necessary to exist in your deliberately created reality.”


“Growth of human hair is the absolute blessing for a barber”

“Be real. Be authentic. Be yourself, whatever the emotional cost. Pain goes away, while regret over a life lived trying to be a plastic version of yourself does not.”

“The odds are stacked against us until we realize: We make the odds.”

“People who suffer the most often inflict the most pain onto others. Compassion can be found through understanding this. When someone is internally suffering, sometimes the only reality they know is that of pain and thus their only knowledge is how to be a victim or an abuser. That’s all they are able to communicate. Holding onto the thorn of resentment does not help them or you, but fostering compassion and forgiveness will.”


“It is often the simple daily practices that influence our lives in dramatic ways.”


“Vibration can be shifted through the mastery of thought”


“How ironic it is then, to realize how many of we humans are masochists! That even when we are placed in paradise, the majority of us would, by choice, focus on everything outside the present moment and make ourselves suffer by thinking about Dis-Ease! Too many of us would dwell on a past that no longer exists while everything in the present moment is wonderful. What great paradoxes we as humans are capable of!”


“Mastering our thoughts can only be achieved after we truly understand what reality is. Thus, it is time to shatter your pre-conceived concept of reality. First, the majority of what you perceive as reality exists only in your mind, and, chances are, you spend most hours of your life in this illusion.”


“Mastery of impulse is all about self-discipline and choice. The mind is a powerful tool with which we have the ability to be in control of ourselves.”


“Mastery of impulse is achieved through taking pauses during life’s contrasting situations. Mastery of impulse is about developing strong willpower that can be used to redirect the flow of energy in any situation. Mastery of impulse is about responding to the world with a sense of reason and peace.”


“The energy of our thoughts, words, actions, and emotions collectively create the frequency of our vibrational aura.”


“Accept the past as the past and realize that each new day you are a new person who doesn’t need to carry old baggage into the new day with you. It’s amazing how many people ruin the beauty of today with the sorrows of yesterday. Yesterday doesn’t exist anymore! For example, if ever I feel foolish or guilty about something I’ve done, I learn from it and attempt to do better the next time. Shame or guilt serves no one. Such feelings actually keep us down, often lowering the vibrations of those around us, as well. Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.”


“Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.”


“She swore this time around she'd listen to her instincts, and right now they told her to be careful. She'd had to fight hard for everything she had, and risking everything for a little fun didn't seem wise.”


“Have no fear. Trust in the vibrational currents of your life.”


“Illusions can and do create PHYSICAL Dis-Ease within our bodies. So it’s most important to master our thoughts, to become cognizant of what we are spending our precious mental energy on each moment of every day.”


“I am happiest when I clear my mind and allow the world around me to reteach me what I thought I already knew.”

“If an infant had the capacity to think hard about this world, it would have wanted to go back to its mother's womb again”

“Everyone is doing the best they can with what they know, and we are all here to learn and grow.”


“Simama nyuma ya maneno uliyoyasema mara mbili: kichwani na mdomoni mwako. Simama nyuma ya maneno uliyoyasema kwa hekima. Usiyumbe hata mambo yatakapokwenda segemnege.”

“Despite its dark veins, the transparency of dragonfly’s wings assures me of a pure, innocent world”

“The peace within you is stronger than any storm.”

“It is sad that people seek money more than wisdom.”

“Knowledge is acquired by diligent study. But wisdom is given by the revere of God.”

“Wisdom is obtained by the revere of God.”

“Wisdom is worth more than money.”

“A flowing stream waters the flowers.”

“One who has not failed in life has not experienced the true wisdom of living.”

“Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”

“I think that in life you don't need too much; you need friends, you need to do what you like doing.”

“To live 'forever', let your purpose in life be bigger than you.”

“Through me, I see you. Through you, I see me.”

“Some of the most polished ideas are discovered through healthy, honest debate, so if you don't argue with yourself every once in a while, other people will gladly point out if, in any sense, you missed a spot.”

“The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”



“Everybody wants to have intimate conversations, but the smart fellows don't give out, only the fools. The smart fellows talk intimately about the fools, and examine them all over and give them advice.”


“Before garden, vine or grape was in the world," writes one, "our soul was drunken with immortal wine.”


“Wisdom is born of the foolish things one does for love.”

“Wisdom can be found anywhere.
Be wise enough and brave enough
to recognize it!”


“The man who is completely wise and virtuous has no need of glory, except so far as it…eases his way to action by the greater trust that it procures him.”

“The practice of the Sufis is too sublime to have a formal beginning,”


“Biggest mistake that people make is. That they forget that there is always next time. For any event, any situation and any circumstances.”

“To respect a mystery is to make way for the answer.”

“Decisions are the privilege we’ve been granted to have a hand in penning the script of our lives. And in the writing, the question is not the availability of the paper or the pen. The question is the wisdom to use them rightly.”


“I will try it until i get it right. I will try it until i am no longer trying but doing it.”

“Ego speaks from a place of pride.
Judgement comes from a place of pain.
Courage speaks from a place of humility.
Correction comes from a place of love.
Where are you operating from?”

“Научих, че светът не те вижда отвътре, че изобщо не се интересува от надежди, мечти и терзания, които лежат скрити под кожата и костите ти. Беше съвсем простичко, макар абсурдно и жестоко. Пациентите ми го знаеха. Бяха прозрели, че голяма част от онова, което са били, ще бъдат или биха могли да бъдат, зависи от симетрията на костната им структура, от разстоянието между очите им, от големината на брадичката, от формата на носа им, от това дали имат идеален назофронтален ъгъл или не.
Красотата е огромен и незаслужен дар, който се дава произволно, глупашки.”


“If you search enough, you will find.”

“Search. Search.”

“Every experience is necessary wisdom.”

“If you want to heal your heart surround yourself with people that won't tell you hating other people is how you get over being hurt. Surround yourself with people that will tell you to be more like Christ and reach out to those you don't understand or are offended by. Bitter insecure and anxious people will tell you everything you need to hear to help you move on, but very little of it will be the true teachings of Christ.”

“Somos escravos de tudo que não sabemos; somos livres do que sabemos.”

“Not every woman has a Boaz in her life. Sometimes the male voices we hear are cautioning us to hold back instead of urging us to serve God wholeheartedly with them. Sometimes the cautioning voices we hear belong to other women. Sometimes those who have the power to facilitate our callings and clear a path for us set up roadblocks instead. Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz remind us powerfully that even in a dark era like the days of the judges, God always has his people and the Blessed Alliance is still alive and well. He is working in our hearts, summoning us to be strong and courageous like Ruth - to embrace and embody his gospel on our 'bit of earth.”


“It is great to read. You will discover wisdom.”

“If honor and wisdom and happiness are not for me, let them be for others. Let heaven exist, though my place be in hell.”


“At the school of wisdom, mistake is not just a lesson but, a laboratory”

“No person is ever wrong in how they experience their reality.”


“What we are is what we receive. It is not about waiting for something outside ourselves to change - we must actively be the change if we wish to see the result.”


“Positive simply means unifying energies, while negative simply means separating energies. It's not about what's good or bad, right or wrong. It's about
embracing what feels good and brings us closer to peace.”


“Be the energy you want others to absorb.”

“The odds are stacked against you until you realize: You make the odds.”

“The beauty of being shattered is how the shards become our character and our marks of distinction. This is how we are refined by our pain. When the storm rips you to pieces, you get to decide how to put yourself back together again. The storm gives us the gift of our defining choices. You will be a different person after the storm, because the storm will heal you from your perfection. People who stay perfect and unblemished never really get to live fully or deeply. You will not be the same after the storms of life; you will be stronger, wiser and more alive than ever before!”



“Greatness is achieved through kindness, compassion, and love.”

“The best thing you can do in this life is share your open heart with the world.”

“A good friend is a healing friend.”

“Awareness is a flashlight that gives us a choice.”

“Every time life calls to us, it is the voice of God and the voice of our very hearts. When we listen, we thrive. When we don't, we do what we must to survive.”

“Know this: If you are afraid of starting over, it means you have not yet begun.”

“Get to know the master within you. Fall at the feet of your Self.”


“You being in your flow helps the rest of us fall into ours.”

“True spirituality respects the vessel of creation we call “human” and intuits that because this vessel was created by God, it could only ever be perfect—even if it does need some fine-tuning from time to time.”

“All of life is a ceremony where we get to know and explore our wholeness.”

“We are the guardians of our beings.”

“Could you imagine a windstorm without the rustling of the leaves? You are made of the same stuff as the leaves–and the wind. You are meant to be rustled and sung.”


“Through you, I see me. Through me, I see you.”

“The truth of who we are dissolves the illusions when they arise, simply by us not buying into them anymore. By realizing they were counterfeit bliss. By and by, oneness dissolves what was once separation.”

“We cannot see the beauty of life with our eyes closed. Only when we cry with our eyes open can we begin to shed tears of joy.”

“An act of mastery is mastery itself.”


“Celebration is the sparkle in the eye of the one who glows. It is the song that plays in the house of freedom. Celebration is the dance of life, it’s the one dancing to the drumbeat of the heart, it’s your birthday cake, it’s you blowing out the trick candles, it’s you delighting in the fire of life.”


“When your chair is positioned facing the wall, you see the wall. When it is positioned facing the sea, you see the sea. The same is true for us. Perspective is everything. Align with the divine.”


“Shadows can only exist where there is light.”

“The most important truth we tell is the truth we tell ourselves.”

“You see, life is an inherently benevolent process. When you start to view your life with even a smidgen of detachment, the curtains begin to draw back. You see that, for starters, you actually can indeed draw back the curtains, and then you see the old dusty stage set that is ready to go.
And you choose just that: you choose for it to go; you choose to purify. You choose to unshackle the gorgeous beast within, to let it out and talk to it, to see what it wants. You choose to run your fingers through its crazy, ratty hair, pulling out whatever little bugs got too cozy in there over the years. You give it a glass of water and a shower, and you show it the sun. You welcome it. All of this to say: Get to know the master within you. Fall at the feet of your Self.”


“Only by honoring the greater truths (the macrocosmic truth) may we begin to honor our subjective truths (our microcosmic truth). This is a recognition of the greater mystery of life and a deep honoring of being a child of that great mystery. In that profound recognition rests the awareness that the same macrocosmic mystery is within us, and it manifests and takes its course in many ways. When we simply recognize this fundamental aspect of the nature of existence, we can begin to understand its presence in our lives. And then finding ourselves moving away from the career or relationship we thought we’d be in for the rest of our life is less of a shock or a “something must be wrong” and more of a deep, humble sigh of “alright, okay, here we go, and so it is.” This is the way life moves. We do not hold the reins, and to feign so creates only pain. Evolution necessitates change.”


“As we stand before this sacred doorway [the doorway to meaning], we realize its response to us is conditional, albeit only in the sense that it’s reflective. If we stand before it arrogant and haughty, indeed the door will remained locked. If we stand before it in doubt, it will disappear. If we knock upon it distracted, our minds somewhere else, we fail to see it open. Anyone in the world can go through it, and there could never be a key. Yet it opens only when we approach it in a certain, truthful way. Otherwise, we may not notice its openness and its infinite offering again and again.”


“As we stand before this sacred doorway [the doorway to meaning], we realize its response to us is conditional, albeit only in the sense that it’s reflective. If we stand before it arrogant and haughty, indeed the door will remained locked. If we stand before it in doubt, it will disappear. If we knock upon it distracted, our minds somewhere else, we fail to see it open. Anyone in the world can go through it, and there could never be a key. Yet it opens only when we approach it in a certain, truthful way. Otherwise, we may not notice its openness and its infinite offering again and again.
To pass into this fertile land of meaning, we must arrive in reverence. We must approach the door in silence, focused upon the primordial pulse of our beings and all of life. We must allow ourselves to open into acceptance, for within acceptance lives our accountability and, therefore, our ability to extract meaning for our growth—and the possibility for things to come to life. We must allow ourselves to be released into the current, the movement of acceptance, otherwise known as surrender, so that we may be taken and discovered unto ourselves. And once we are through, by God, we must celebrate, for what else is there to do?”


“No matter what path you're on in this life, if that path isn't about love, you're on the wrong path.”

“Good people turn to love, courage and kindness in times of crisis, not hate, fear and cruelty.”

“The way to peace, harmony and balance for the planet is through the loving kindness of each individual heart.”

“I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart.”



“We travel only as far and as high as our hearts will take us.”


“A monkey plays only with the monkeys, a donkey only enjoys the bray of the donkeys; these and other examples prove that the NATURE helps round the clock to bring & bond together automatically every living creature of the common internal features and there is absolutely no glitch possible in its working & the people can’t be an exception. So rest assured, a person doesn’t need to surround anyone or go around finding someone better & beautiful as everything depends purely on everyone’s own nature and no one has a different associates than who s/he is as character in life i.e. a good individual gets only the good, a positive stays always with the positive and so it goes with the others.”

“Unfortunately, modern man has become so focused on harnessing nature's resources that he has forgotten how to learn from them. If you let them, however, the elements of nature will teach you as they have taught me.”


“A person may say or share any number of posts/thoughts- nice or otherwise, but what actually s/he has sought in her/his life gets distinctly visible, much sooner than later, to the wise through the people around her/him on the physical ground as their nature defines her/his character better than any number of likes votes, support or the high position that her/his online quotes might have got.”

“How odd that people could be so ugly, not particularly because of appearence, but because of the atmosphere of judgemental bad temper and discontent they carried around with them”

“Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.”

“Seek isolation as much as possible from time to time for it gives fuel for own mind ignition to do the right introspection and, importantly, do the correct identification of others character and intention.”

“Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”


“Life is beauty simply breathing.”

“Wisdom is learning what to overlook.”

“What comes from experience is knowledge,what comes naturally is wisdom.”

“-I was young! I made a mistake, okay! Haven’t you ever made a mistake?
-I’m old! Of course I’ve made mistakes, you stupid little shit!”


“The degree of necessity determines the development of organs in man… therefore increase your necessity.”


“They throw their stones at you not expecting that you would catch them with a smile. But a wise soul knows that what life throws at you today, is only preparing you for a stronger tomorrow. After all, you can't build a castle without first laying down its foundations...”

“When you know the truth about a person then they become real to you, not just a face that you can forget.”


“Just a single cord is enough to be tangled”

“Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.”

“The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.”


“The success of my journey depended on whether my heart walked forward—toward my people—instead of backward, away from them.”


“Whether we walk among our people or alone among the hills, happiness in life's walking depends on how we feel about others in our hearts.”


“If I am not for myself, who is for me? If I am only for myself, what am I? If not now, when?”

“I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart. If I walk far but am angry toward others as I journey, I walk nowhere. If I conquer mountains but hold grudges against others as I climb, I conquer nothing. If I see much but regard others as enemies, I see no one.”


“Mother Earth reintroduced me to my people.”

“Love is written by the soul.”

“Peace is when we look upon the world together.”

“Whatever you do, let it be lovely.”

“Love is alive when there's music in your heart.”

“Love is enough.”

“We are drowning in information but starving for knowledge and wisdom. Education ought to teach us not only how to make a living but also how to live.”


“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”

“I’d have to prove to everyone, including Ellia, that I was more than some guy she used to know, that what we shared had and still mattered. She may have forgotten the promise we made on the beach, but I hadn’t, and it was up to me to backup those words with action. Memories and ghosts were for the dead. Living things moved, and I was never one to stand still." ~Liam”



“You can’t be friends with someone you have feelings for. It’ll just be a constant reminder of what you can’t have. It’s like putting boiling water in an ice cold glass. It’s gonna bust and make a mess.”


“Au-dessus des mers de nuages, c’est très élégant, mais… au-dessous des mers de nuages c’est l’éternité.
Above the seas of clouds is very elegant, but… below the seas of clouds is eternity.”

“She was my go-to person. I’d tell her everything. Now, all of those late-night phone calls, all the sleepovers at her house because I couldn’t deal with stuff at home, all the crying on her shoulder. It’s all gone. It’s like if she doesn’t know, then it didn’t happen, and if it didn’t happen then what exactly am I holding on to?” ~Stacey”


“The words ‘I love you’ are worthless when you don’t know who the 'I' is in that statement.”


“It’s like returning to a familiar room and noticing objects had been moved while you were gone—a chair here, a picture frame there. Items that were once brand new were suddenly broken in and worn from age. It was all very subtle, but enough to suspect paranormal activity or a cruel practical joke. When no one else saw what you saw, the freak factor really kicked in, because you were singled out and left questioning reality." ~Ellia”


“The universe speaks to us, if we have the courage to see it for what it is.”

“My first interview was with eighty-eight-year-old folk artist Marcia Muth… ‘Your life does change as you get older,’ she told me. ‘You get into what’s important and what’s not’.”


“When you don't fit in anymore, eat less.”


“Sometimes you have to break a rule to save the system.”


“There can be no belief if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.”

“It is the desire for irreverence as much as anything else that brought me first to poetry. The need to make fun of authority, break taboos, celebrate the body and its functions, claim that one has seen angels in the same breath as one says that there is no god.”


“The wise know their days are numbered and act accordingly.”


“To trust immediate intuitions rather than collective examination that is rational, careful, and intelligent is not wisdom: it is the presumption of an old man who refuses to believe that the great world outside his village is any different from the one that he has always known.”

“Trials teach us patience and patience leads us to a place of hope”

“Hope can be foolish or misguided, but there was no such thing as false hope. Hope was always true even when there was no evidence to support its claim.” - Liam”


“Love is not for thrill-seekers, dreamers, or children with short attention spans. And you, son, fit into all three of those categories.”


“Who cares about fault? As my dad would say, ‘Blame is like your rear-end and reflection. Seeing either always leaves you looking back.’ I’m more worried about what’s in front of me. And right now . . . the view is all messed up.” ~ Ellia”


“It doesn't matter how green a blade of grass is expected to be, when it's already smashed beneath the feet.”

“The best mistakes are made when the worst of heart breaks occur. When Love is blind and the captive, faithful.”

“It's time we put the bud back in Buddha and the sap back in Homo sapiens, and end this age of folly - this folly-age!”


“Artists use your artistree, and poets your poetree - for your blood is my chlorophyll distilled.”


“No hay realidades, solo hay palabras.”

“A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.”

“Decisions are the privilege we’ve been granted to have a hand in penning the script of our lives. And in the writing, the question is not the availability of the paper or the pen. The question is the wisdom to use them rightly.”


“Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.”

“Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.”

“The tired wisdom of knowing that what goes around eventually comes around.”

“We must not allow our pride to be the motivation behind our apologetics; rather, philoverity, the love of truth must be the full and complete motivation. For pride corrupts truth.”

“Never underestimate wisdom in silence, proof isn't always a mouthful of words.”

“And like the sun, I will always rise.”

“To love, to live, to feel so much that your world keeps spinning, faster and faster, in that wonderful, chaotic mess of humanity that you’d so hastily give up. Immortality is overrated. It is nothing but the ability to live through it all and not experience a single thing, to eat everything without tasting it at all." Isak’s eyes shone with a desperate need. He wanted, more than anything it seemed, to be like me, when all I wanted was to be like him.”



“Failures and mistakes are lessons to be learned from. They are opportunities for growth.”

“Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.”

“To read a writer is for me not merely to get an idea of what he says, but to go off with him, and travel in his company.”

“Watching TV at my own time. Its beneficiary, but watching TV at its own time . Its time wasting.”

“We are all teachers, we all have knowledge and experiences that can teach others.”

“Follow your heart. It will lead you to where you need to be.”

“The difficulties and challenges in your life are the lessons you need to learn to grow and development.”

“It's amazing how people can be so blind to what's good for them and what isn't, what's truth and what's not, or the difference between secrets and things just not yet known.”

“On ne peut pas expliquer le goût salé à quelq'un qui ne connaît que le sucré.”

“Your past karma is what you found difficult or challenging in this life. To heal your past karma you would need to learn your life lessons for this life.”

“You can sew your own curtain to remain hidden from the dark side of the world”

“Wisdom is awaken spirit.”

“Starting a business with brother either ends business or ends brotherhood.”

“Life is gift. Accepts the sacred existence.”

“I suppose you can guess the whole story now? After all, it's a primitive story. A man had two enemies. He was a wise man. And so he discovered that two enemies are better than one.”

“In the moonlight and under the stars
Somehow your face seems clearer
I revere your presence and remember
We are warriors
Thrusted onto this plane
We are strong
We must use our strength
While bearing compassion
It's easy to get lost
This place makes it so easy to get lost
But-
In the moonlight and under the stars
Somehow your presence seems clearer
And I remember
We are warriors”

“The story of the herd of seals. Hundreds of them on a beach; among them the hunter killing one after the other with a club. Together they could easily have crushed him— but they lay there, watching him come to murder, and did not move; he was only killing a neighbor— one neighbor after the other. The story of the European seals. The sunset of civilization. Tired shapeless Götterdämmerung. The empty banners of human rights. The sell-out of a continent. The onrushing deluge. The haggling for the last prices. The old dance of despair on the volcano. Peoples again slowly being driven into a slaughterhouse. The fleas would save themselves when the sheep were being sacrificed. As always.”


“The life of every man is a way to himself, an attempt at a way, the suggestion of a path. No man has ever been utterly himself, yet every man strives to be so, the dull, the intelligent, each one as best he can. Each man to the end of his days carries round with him vestiges of his birth - the slime and egg-shells of the primeval world. There are many who never become humans; they remain frogs, lizards, ants. Many men are human being above and fish below. Yet each one represents an attempt on the part of nature to create a human being.”

“A wise woman invests her time and doesn’t squander it in gossip, judgment or idleness. She knows every moment gone is one that she will not get back.”

“Certain levels of human understanding cannot be attained, it is claimed, until the brain can work in more than one way.”


“Don’t try to smell the flowers without planting them.”

“
Necessities
1
A map of the world. Not the one in the atlas,
but the one in our heads, the one we keep coloring in.
With the blue thread of the river by which we grew up.
The green smear of the woods we first made love in.
The yellow city we thought was our future.
The red highways not traveled, the green ones
with their missed exits, the black side roads
which took us where we had not meant to go.
The high peaks, recorded by relatives,
though we prefer certain unmarked elevations,
the private alps no one knows we have climbed.
The careful boundaries we draw and erase.
And always, around the edges,
the opaque wash of blue, concealing
the drop-off they have stepped into before us,
singly, mapless, not looking back.”


“Life-long learning is the modus of keeping your brain…your thoughts…your ideas…engaged in a quest for knowledge that enriches and expands the mind with a constant thirst for wisdom.”


“Every day you should up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“Every day you should wake up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!”

“The good and wise lead quiet lives.”

“Few exceptions aside, life is not so much about WHAT you do, but HOW you do it!”

“The most beautiful thing in the world is a heart that is changing.”



“No man is as wise as Mother Earth. She has witnessed every human day, every human struggle, every human pain, and every human joy. For maladies of both body and spirit, the wise ones of old pointed man to the hills. For man too is of the dust and Mother Earth stands ready to nurture and heal her children.”


“Don't believe the dark whisperings that invite you to walk backward. At any time in your life, you have the power to turn forward.”


“Each day, the goal is to receive knowledge and remove ignorance. This reveals what we all search for. Wisdom.”

“Mother Earth has never been more crowded, yet her inhabitants have never been more lonely.”

“Accept yourself for the person you are, for all the mistakes you did and also for the transformation you’re about to experience in the future. Love your future version from this moment.”


“Vigilance of the wisest kind is to incessantly remain open to the reality that what I ‘see’ is but a single thread and solitary shard of what ‘is’, for to assume otherwise is to surrender the wisdom of vigilance to the decay of ignorance.”


“For a moment she was pissed off, and then the feeling was gone. Jess was just being Jess, trying to protect his image of himself to himself, the way all thinking people do so they can get to sleep at night.”


“There is a power in nature that man has ignored. And the result has been heartache and pain.”


“Life is a walking, a journey. So, if life upon Mother Earth is a journey, there are two ways to walk. We can choose to walk forward or we can choose to walk backward. Forward Walking choices are rewarded with consequences that light the way to peace, happiness, joy, comfort, knowledge, and wisdom. Backward Walking choices bring to the Two-Legged beings consequences of misery despair, and darkness.”


“The choice is to listen to the chaos your mind creates or the intuitive wisdom from the heart.”


“There is much to be learned from the world around us—far more than we normally comprehend. The Ancient Ones knew this well—most particularly the wise teachers among them—those who, in the Navajo tongue, were called "Anasazi.”


“Your name may be 'writ in water', but for now, you have the great advantage of being a wave that can think.”


“We have found that no modern prescriptions heal the human heart so fully or so well as the prescription of the Ancient Ones. "To the hills," they would say. To which we would add, "To the trees, the valleys, and the streams, as well." For there is a power in nature that man has ignored. And the result has been heartache and pain.”


“At the end of our lives, when our bodies are about to be laid in Mother Earth, we will know for ourselves whether we are a Two-Legged being full of light or a Two-Legged being full of darkness.”


“A willing heart is the key to the door of possibilities. A person with a willing heart can do lot of things, that were declared as being impossible.”

“It's a tragic that we recognized our self worth from external validation.”

“To attain wisdom, experience every thing consistently. To retain wisdom, dispose every thing constantly.”

“Most people don't understand life till they die and they don't understand death because they have never lived.”

“Depend upon it, he who wishes to win the prize must come on the principle that two and two make four.”

“Would it surprise you to hear that man's unhappiness is due in large measure to the way he is seeking after happiness? You know this already from your own life. For when you have been unhappy, you have been unhappy with others—with your father or mother, your sister or brother, your spouse, your son, your daughter. If unhappiness is with others, wouldn't it stand to reason that happiness must be with others as well?”


“Would it surprise you to hear that man's unhappiness is due in large measure to the way he is seeking after happiness?”


“Man's obsession with his own wants is taking him further from those without whom happiness cannot be found. It is taking him from his people.”


“A person with too many secrets has no happiness but burden. He/She cant find joy or peace, but those secrets enslave him or her. It doesn't matter how many secrets you keep but at the end truth always comes out. Why then burden yourself with secrets.”

“I didnt give up, because i had nothing, i was no body. But for the fact i was no body and i had nothing. It made me work harder to have something and to be someone. I worked harder more than anyone who had anything. It matters how you view or see things.
same thing might not look the same . It depend which angle you are looking them from.”

“We tend to teach mathematics as a long list of rules.You learn them in order and you have to obey them, because if you don't obey them you get a C-.This is not mathematics. Mathematics is the study if things that come out a certain way because there is no other way they could possibly be.”

“CVIII
[...]
Se vòi d'Amor o d'altro bene stare,
magistra sit tibi vita aliena,
Disse Cato in su' versificare”


“What I didn't know until right this very minute was how growing up happens in little surges. We grow up in moments - when we encounter such stupidities in ourselves that our only choice is to grow past them or into them. Maybe that's why some kids grow up too fast and others not at all.”


“The object of Sufi preparatory study, however, being to illustrate, expose and out-manoeuvre superficial ambition.”


“Pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.”



“There is nothing that threatens a corrupt system more than a free mind.”


“Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.”


“We go straight". I say again. "If we start making turns, we might not know what direction is what. If we keep going straight, at least we know how to get back to where we came from if we get into trouble. I know it's tiring, but walking uphill is a good thing-every step we take is a step closer to getting out."
"I see shoulders droop, I hear heavy sighs. They don't want to agree with me; they want to go the easier way".”


“Censorship is alive and well in America.”


“Some days I don't know what is greater.
My wisdom, or my stupidity.”

“Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.”


“No one ever reads a book. He reads himself through books, either to discover or to control himself.”

“Circumstances makes a thing poison or nectar. There is nothing absolute good or bad.”

“Every memory we have changes slightly each time we think about it. We add stuff we learn in other places, or we forget stuff that doesn't seem important anymore. Or you think you remember something, like from your childhood, but actually you've just seen so many pictures of it, and your parents have told you about it, so you think you remember it, but you don't. A memory is a process. Instead of a thing. Like a story we tell ourselves that changes from the standpoint we're looking at it.”


“It's strange how the worst day of your life often starts just like any other. You might even complain very quietly to yourself about its ordinariness. You might with for something more interesting to happen, something to back of your routine, and just when you think you can't bear the monotony any longer, something comes along that shatters your life to such degree. you with with every cell in your body that your day hadn't become so unordinary.”

“The teaching must, of course, work with the best part of the individual, must be directed to his or her real capacity.”


“Fall in love with life. We are here on earth for a while.”

“تا واقعه ای رخ ندهد، جنس چیزهایی که درگیر واقعه هستند، آشکار نمی شود”

“The value of darkness can never be measured
if you don’t break its cheap spell secretly treasured”

“You don't learn about war by sitting in libraries. Though if people spent more time in libraries, maybe there would be fewer wars.”


“I am not wise enough to know if there is ever purpose in tragedy, if there is ever virtue in resisting it. If it cannot be overcome, then grief has beaten you, and you are right to say so.”


“Smile out loud! Make them wonder.”


“We have no control of the laws of life.”

“We can always be human
Meeting each day a wise new man
But the Animal Kingdom to which we belong
Animals we are; this truth can’t be wrong.”


“Leadership embodies a spirit of encouragement. It is difficult to lead people where they are not enthusiastically encouraged to go.”

“Sand by the seashore is inestimable.”

“The greatest things to have can't be possessed, they exist within yet can be shared, like freedom, love, trust, integrity, fun, dreams, creativity, wisdom, peace.”

“Oh that I had the opportunity to rethink so many of my decisions, for the pitfalls into which I have so frequently fallen were often dug with the shovel of those very decisions.”


“Time' is the illusional domain occupied by the state of boredom. 'Space' is the infinite - reality - experienced by the state of higher creative consciousness. Choose wisely.”


“Alas, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.”

“God still speaks to all living sacred souls.”

“As child, when the elders spoke their wise words, it only echoes in my ears. As adult, I have crystal clear insight to the wise aphorisms by the elderly.”

“As child, when the elders spoke their wise words, it only echoes in my ears. As an adult, I have crystal clear insight to the wise aphorisms by the elderly.”

“It is impossible to be wise, and not love.”

“Never plant a seed if you are not looking forward to the fruit.”

“Give me a moment I am preparing to drawback to scream
Louder than a train overhead below a railroad bridge”

“Be captivated by your hearts desire, not distracted by your minds fear.”

“Be sure to bend but never break”

“So have they not traveled through the earth and have hearts by which to reason and ears by which to hear? For indeed, it is not the eyes that are blinded, but the hearts within the breasts!”

“Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.”

“Love is the greatest personal force.”

“Love is infinite flames of light.”

“True freedom comes only from true wisdom.”

“Is there anything to lose in life? No. The only lost in life is death.”

“Knowledge is the essence of organized information systems. Wisdom is the essence of knowledge and experience.”

“The truth is precious commodity, not everyone will possess her.”

“A wise person is silent and rarely wants to show his wisdom. A fool is always vocal and uses every opportunity to show his foolishness.”

“For so much of my life I felt hated and judged when, ironically, it was probably because I spent so much of my time hating and judging others.”



“Knowledge and wisdom comes from interaction-- not from inaction.”

“Education and wisdom will define your destination in life-- not wealth.”

“No one will teach you what you ought to know. You must search the truth for yourself.”

“I want to ‘think’ that I have all the answers. But if I ‘think’, I soon realize that what I thought to be answers were guesses. And if I ‘think’ yet again, I begin to realize that since God has all the answers He never hands me a guess.”


“I, the Teacher, was king over Israel in Jerusalem. I applied my mind to study and to explore by wisdom all that is done under the heavens. What a heavy burden God has laid on mankind! I have seen all the things that are done under the sun; all of them are meaningless, a chasing after the wind.
What is crooked cannot be straightened;
what is lacking cannot be counted.
I said to myself, “Look, I have increased in wisdom more than anyone who has ruled over Jerusalem before me; I have experienced much of wisdom and knowledge.” Then I applied myself to the understanding of wisdom, and also of madness and folly, but I learned that this, too, is a chasing after the wind.
For with much wisdom comes much sorrow;
the more knowledge, the more grief.”


“The way to succeed is giving people a noble reason to do something despicable. And my patients... my clients, my characters are doing kind of scamming, deceptive things but they're doing them for noble reasons. Typically to be loved, to be accepted, to trick someone into embracing them and care for them.”

“Well, that's Philosophy I've read,
And Law and Medicine, and I fear
Theology, too, from A to Z;
Hard studies all, that have cost me dear.
And so I sit, poor silly man
No wiser now than when I began.”


“What belongs to you; your soul, your spirit and your body!”

“Be gentle and humble in heart.”

“How prepared are we for our exist out of the world?”

“Which soul shall escape the power of the grave?.”

“Sacred soul with sparkle of divinity finds undefeatable strength.”

“You are a dust with beautiful spirit.”

“To wisdom there is no end, only acceptance of its limitless range.”

“A person with a big ego usually knows very little.”

“Death is death.”

“Quotes help us understand , inspire , motivate ,clarify and show our approach to things around , this is why people and I love quotes”



“Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.”

“Classifying love is human; One love is Divine”

“Your soul mate fuels your spirit.”

“Across the globe, even in the world's "worst places," people found ways to turn pain into wisdom and suffering into strength. They made their own actions, their very lives, into a memorial that honored the people they had lost.”


“Be careful of what you allow your mind to dwell on. And the words that come out of your mouth.”

“Rich in material, but Devoid of Knowledge is like having an antique Clock with no numbers. Appealing to the eye, but Useless in the modern world.”

“The lives in this dimension cannot see the lives in other dimensions or the truth of the universe. Thus, these human beings are actually lost in a maze.”

“I see a lot of people complaining about the things they can fix, and a lot of people being accepting of the things they cannot change.
Maybe tragedy really is the catastrophic event, for the way people view their lives.
I would rather be wise, than nieve.”

“God sees every secret act.”

“Growing gray hair is the glory of life.”

“Books signify the mind of many souls.”

“Sometimes, the word SOMETIMES sounds like OFTEN in a thought especially that has got innate truth in it.”

“Liberation begins with liberation of mind, soul and body.”

“The power to create lies in the thoughts and words.”

“Positive energy radiates from every word you share to a magnitude that can not be measured on scale. The vibrations he sends your way are received and absorbed into the very core of your existence. The power within his words quench the areas of your spirit that only God knows. Mortality thrives on the very essence of Godly Love”


“Don't disguise your tears, don't hide your sadness, don't be afraid to find out who you really are. Because in those fleeting moments you'll summon such beauty and strength that, in no time at all, you'll fully grasp exactly why you're so gossiped about here in the unseen”


“To understand God, is to Love Him. You can't say you love God if you don't know Him. First you must know yourself, to experience God, then you will know Him for who He really is.”

“Enlightenment is not about attaining a ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.”

“You can fall in love for so many reasons, which is why many stupid guys will impregnate many stupid girls on Valentine’s Day. Happy Valentine’s Day!”

“What does Jinmudra (Tirthankar God’s sitting posture) say? The lotus position of Vitrag Lords, one hand and foot placed over the other, preaches, “Oh, humans! Understand this if you have the wisdom. You have already brought with you the food, drink and all things you need; therefore, let go of the awareness that ‘I am the doer’ and make effort to attain Moksha (ultimate liberation)!”

“Humility has to precede instruction.”


“A seeker of knowledge is the search for wise words.”

“Where there are two on point of independently distinguished purposes, you will find one infinite journey whose path is blazed with the guiding light of wisdom.”


“The mind is an instrument made up of universal consciousness, egocentric consciousness, societal consciousness, along with education, values, virtues, judgment and wisdom.”

“Camel trips do not begin or end, they merely change form.”

“we often fall not because, not knowing how to walk but not knowing which way to choose.”

“Everybody dies. It’s no risk to lose your life. You knew it was lost from the beginning.”


“Dissolute conduct corrupts good character.”

“Wind is wind.”

“What you are trying to let go of
...is already gone.”

“They say that wisdom is a dying flower, and I disagree. In a world covered in mud, the lotus still continues to grow. Even after mankind washes itself away from the surface of the earth, knowledge will still remain. Look no further than the bosom of Nature. It offers all the solutions needed to cure and unite humanity. Wise men only exist as interpreters and transmitters of Truth. Their time on earth is limited, but Nature's existence is eternal. Open books shall always exist for those with an opened eye and pure heart; for Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them.”



“Thieves and liars kill indirectly, unintentionally, and with no other weapon than their tongues and malice.”

“The deepest and most profound wisdom that exists and moves through us is the intelligence of our own heart. It is a flowing sacredness. It can navigate you through anything. An intelligent ocean of life's experience.﻿”

“You always thought older people were wiser. It's not that. It's just that our relatives are dead and we're able to speak freely.”

“No matter how kind you are, always expect a few imbeciles.”


“Young hearts too often have tunnel vision.”


“Too much kindness towards the fox may mean doom for the rabbit.”


“Zeal, if it be well ordered, is most beautiful in a Christian; but if not, it is a thing of exceeding great danger: as fire in moderation is most comfortable, but in extremity most fearful.”

“Mere shame couldn't, after all, be counted on to provide the escape of death.”


“(...)- for it does take greatness, I think, to stand resolutely against your own people, especially when you are alone, and especially when you that even history will not be kind to you, since you will have forever given the lie all the claims with which the High and the Mighty will try to exonerate themselves.”


“A man can be boiling inside, but he knows a mild answer works better than showing his rage. A man can condemn his enemies, but it’s wiser to know them.”


“Men tend to carry their honesty in pigeonholes. They can be perfectly honest in some ways and fool themselves in other ways.”


“To save time, take time in large pieces. Do not cut up time into bits. Adopt the principle of continuous work. The mind is locomotive. It requires time for getting under headway. Under headway it makes its own steam. Progress gives force as force makes progress. Do not slow down as long as you run well and without undue waste. Take advantage of momentum. Prolonged thinking leads to profound thinking”

“lthough the basic principles of economics are not very complicated, the very ease with which they can be learned also makes them easy to dismissed as "simplistic" by those who do not want to accept analyses which contradict their cherished beliefs. Evasions of the obvious are often far more complicated than the facts. Nor is it automatically true that complex effects must have complex causes. The ramifications of something very simple can become enormously complex.”

“The absence of food doesn't make a man forsake hunger-it only makes him hungrier .”


“You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius.”


“He may believe that he can skimp his intellectual labour without wearing his moral natuee thin or that he can break the laws of his moral nature without breaking his intellectual integrity. He may think that he can play fast and loose with his will without weakening his conscience or without impairing the truthfulness of his intellectual processes... For man is a unit. Weakness in one part becomes weakness in every part”

“He may believe that he can skimp his intellectual labour without wearing his moral natuere thin or that he can break the laws of his moral nature without breaking his intellectual integrity. He may think that he can play fast and loose with his will without weakening his conscience or without impairing the truthfulness of his intellectual processes... For man is a unit. Weakness in one part becomes weakness in every part”


“Where is the land of Luthany,
Where is the tract of Elenore?
I am bound therefore.
'Pierce thy heart to find the key;
With thee take
Only what none else would keep;
Learn to dream when thou dost wake;
Learn to wake when thou dost sleep.
Learn to water joy with tears,
Learn from fears to vanquish fears;
To hope, for thou dar'st not despair;
Exult, for that thou dar'st not grieve;
Plough thou the rock until it bear;
Know, for thou else couldst not believe;
Lose, that the lost thou may'st receive;
Die, for none other way canst live.
'When earth and heave lay down their veil,
And that apocalypse turns thee pale;
When thy seeing blindeth thee
To what thy fellow-mortals see;
When their sight to thee is sightless;
Their living, death; their light, most lightless;
Search no more--
Pass the gates of Luthany,
Tread the region Elenore!'
Where is the land of Luthany?
And where the region Elenore?
I do faint therefore.
'When to the new eyes of thee
All things by immortal power,
Near or far,
Hiddenly
To each other linked are,
That thou canst not stir a flower
Without troubling of a star;
When thy song is shield and mirror
To the fair snake curled pain,
Where thou dar'st affront her terror
That on her thou may'st attain
Persean Conquest; seek no more,
O seek no more!
Pass the gates of Luthany,
Tread the region Elenore!”

“The 'magic' is the known and unknown quiet, spiritual, invisible thread which links and reveals harmonic elements to a universe of high vibrational sensory. And our beloved Bro. Maurice David knew it's undeniable creative power, from within.”

“The gift of knowledge is empowering, but the gift of wisdom is life-changing.”

“Our creator is one. However you name him. Whatever you call him. He is the only one having 99 names...”

“The clothes may vary, but the person is the same.”


“With his dreams in front pulling him, his actions at his side supporting him, and his positive attitude behind him pushing him, there will be success as fear will be vanquished. Inshan Meahjohn, The Hidden path”

“Flow with the go! - Inshan Meahjohn, the Hidden Path”

“If the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, then the love of GOD is the apex of it!”

“Beware of leaders who prefer controlling 100 % of nothing over sharing a fortune.”

“From hope evolves faith. From faith evolves belief. From belief evolves expectations. From expectations evolve success. As long as you have hope you can achieve success.”

“Saadi: Be a true renouncer, (zahid) and [you can even] ware satin.”


“The truth is, there is good and bad in everybody, in every nation, in every race, and in every religion. To hear someone say that all the people that belong to a certain country, race, or religion are bad — is extremely untruthful and makes the person making the statement lose credibility right away. We are all flawed and even nature is flawed. Nobody is perfect, and no country, race or religion is perfect. Duality and polarity are imprinted in everything in nature — in all humans, and even within ourselves. For example, there are those who are ignorant, and those who are wise.”



“If you chase several hares at once, you won't overtake any one of them.”


“I go to bed with knowledge to dream, then dreams wake me up with the lights of wisdom.”

“If you chase several hares at once, you won't undertake any one of them.”


“Intelligence is an ability to understand, but it is not a substitute for wisdom.”

“Wisdom comes from education and experience—not from age.”

“With the wings of knowledge, it is easier to fly toward the blue sky of wisdom.”

“Knowledge has no value if it does not enhance your wisdom.”

“Words are living things.”


“Knowledge comes from curiosity; wisdom comes from experience.”

“Seek self before you venture to conquer the world. Most of what you are looking for is rooted inside you.”


“The sole purpose of knowledge is to create hunger for experience.”

“The beauty you want to attract is the one you should become.”


“Some people walk with oceans in their hearts; some just with jars of water. Drink from both.”


“Wisdom is the ability to read the unwritten.”


“What pain and discomfort people endure to look important.”

“The path you create for yourself is the mark you leave behind when you’re gone from this world. All beauty and angst is stopped by the grave. But your words, your laughter, your faith, and spirit, refuse to die with you. They remain in the hearts and minds of those you touched.”


“Mastering facts is knowledge. Mastering knowledge is wisdom.”

“Sufism was formerly a reality without a name: now it is a name without a reality.”


“An intelligent person looks for problems to solve. The wise person looks for solutions.”

“Do not seek wealth or splendor, but seek true wisdom, freedom, and joy of life.”

“A man's heart is small, but it is surrounded by the immensity of its soul. Sometimes our words may appear silent, but they are certainly heading for infinity.”

“Stop and think about who you are and where you've come from. Love yourself and comfort your spirit. Don't go wandering the streets looking for love and attention. Self love and respect must be a priority”


“Wisdom is about application of knowledge, and having the knowledge of when to apply that knowledge is when it becomes wisdom.”

“And once again, only the Small Things were said. The Big Things lurked unsaid inside.”


“Our superintendence in instruction and discipline is the office of the Word, from whom we learn frugality and humility, and all that pertains to love of truth, love of humanity, and love of excellence. And so, in a word, being assimilated to God by participation in moral excellence, we must not retrograde into carelessness and sloth. But labor, and faint not.”


“Wisdom is merely the counter power used against on your unique talents to prevent them turning into your deadly curses.”

“Wisdom is a state of stability and unconcern. It is a balanced confidence based on stable reasons. Wisdom is not a talent or power sourced at your birth. It is the power of ruling over all the other powers you have born with.”

“To a poet, his works aren't just a reflection of life itself, but an entire life in the boundless invisible. Isn't the heavenly oasis of all human emotions - the soul - invisible? I reaped: We cannot see the wind, but we can feel it, we cannot see the warmth of the sun, but we can also feel it. This bond between nature and humans is the best proof of the Creator’s existence.”

“The Talmud states, "Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world's grief. Do justly now, love mercy now, walk humbly now. You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it.”

“Empathy is the door to wisdom.”



“People regret not achieving enough success in life, they should regret missing many opportunities in life.”

“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”


“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”

“It's their failure, my little Anna, not yours. Men who try to understand the world without the help of children are like men who try to bake bread without the help of yeast.”

“You need not to hate most of the people, life already hates them.”

“If you dance, you’ll feel more joyful. Just thinking isn’t going to make you feel better. Think about how joyful you’ll feel as you dance. Don’t repeat the foolishness of putting off dancing as you debate whether dance will really bring you joy. We feel joy as soon as we dance. Everything is like that.”


“Since humans are social animals, you’re basically only as good as your reputation.”


“When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.”

“To cherish perfection is to commit creative suicide, and every true artist knows that a masterpiece is an accident that should be burned.”


“The wisest people are often the simplest.”

“Polarization breeds respect․”


“Wisdom is worth more than gold.”

“If one Godfather offers you an opportunity and another Godfather offers you an advantage, go with the former.”

“Polarization breeds respect.”

“People wishes their friends to be in politics, but their sons in professions.”

“Serving Leaders have to reduce their wisdom on ‘how to succeed’ into bite-sized packages.”


“Even the caged bird flys out when someone opens the door for it”

“It should be considered right to live and enjoy living. To be well, happy, and to express freedom, is to be in accord with Divine Law and Wisdom.”


“We hear so often that we must read but what is more important and often not advised is to always think and question what we read.
Reading, retaining and repeating is often called education. Wisdom is when we can read, question, adapt and apply what is relevant to the time and space in which we exist.”

“Greatness is achieved, not only,
by doing great things, but also,
by making the small things we do
great.”


“Who am I? is not a question about your job or bank balance. Don’t be satisfied with rational or formal answers. Ask yourself seriously and honestly, again and again, and, sooner or later, you’ll hear the voice of your soul. The true answer will come to you, breaking through the thick curtain of your ego, which is made up of your name, job, personality, and similar things.”


“We are slaves of anything that has conquered us. But by the grace and love of God, we are given wisdom and conscience to know what is right and wrong.”

“What appear to be depravity, injury, or extinction are merely traces of memory and experience obscuring the soul. These are merely shadows of the soul, never its substance. The soul itself is always pure and whole.”


“Knowing that you have a soul bright and clear like the sun, perceiving and feeling that soul, you will realize that it is very precious and beautiful. When
you consider yourself important and precious, you will begin to feel the same way toward other forms of life and toward the world.”


“Don’t be confined by the self you have experienced, the self you know. Going beyond what you know and what you have experienced, challenge your brain with new questions and give it new tasks—then it will begin to manifest infinite creativity.”


“The enlightened worry more about the problems of the world than about their own problems, and their longing for the well-being of all life grows deeper,
making the suffering of all people, all creatures, and all things their own. This is a gift brought by enlightenment, which, at the same time, brings deep anguish.”


“We Live On The Same Earth, But In A Different World.”

“Persuasive word is a tree of life.”

“If you discover wisdom, you will have a good sense of life.”

“Mind creates the illusion of self by feeding on thought, which is why it is addicted to constant mental conversation. Humans are fighting all sorts of addictions but don't realize that they have already given into the greatest of all.”



“Reading is a sacred-paradise.”


“God does not showers blessings, he showers opportunities.”

“Conquer hate with love and evil with goodness.”


“There's a “Pleasure"of happiness
In every thing I really wanna do
When I find true happiness
In every thing I can do - Cocoy McCoy -”

“The greatest wealth is well-being.”

“Commitments” are obviously made by people who can keep their word not like the losers who just keep promising… - Cocoy McCoy -”

“Like an energy even an opportunity cannot be destroyed, if you don't accept, it goes to someone else.”

“A heart favours love, a head favours work, a heart and head both favours hobby.”

“It seems to me that smart people seem to know things and wise people know how to use what they know. Smart is a big help to a man; wise is a big help to lots of men.”


“Books are sacred wisdom.”


“Make time to read.”


“You can discover your sacred paths by reading.”


“I travel to the ancient world by reading ancient books.”


“When I read books, it is like I have met the sacred souls.”


“Promises not kept, plans which aren’t made are “Commitments” in fragments… - Cocoy McCoy -”

“A life without books is empty.”

“Every eye makes its own perception.”

“Pure mind.
Pure body.
Pure spirit.”

“First opportunity is the golden opportunity.”

“Looking at a king's mouth, ' said an old man, 'one would think he never sucked at his mother's breast.”


“Angels come in many forms, but they always bring the same message--wisdom.”

“Every tree bears fruit in its sacred season.”

“Gracious speech comes from pure heart.”

“A good reputation is better than great riches.”

“It is good to keep wise sayings in your heart.”

“Great mentors give wise guidance.”

“Wisdom is sweet to the soul as honey is sweet to taste.”

“If you find wisdom, you will discover the light of bright path.”

“If you listen to wise sayings, you will have a bright future.”

“Passion lights the fire in every soul.”



“Be wise like water and adapt, adjust, and appreciate whomever you are with and wherever you are.”

“Never lose your temper.”


“Wisdom is the knowledge of the gospel truth.”


“Life is ever changing.
We are ever transforming.”


“If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count.”

“The wisdom of our ancestors is immortal.”


“The sacred being speaks at a sacred time.”


“Wisdom is spiritual discipline.”


“Knowledge is an intellectual art.
Wisdom is a spiritual discipline.”


“Wisdom is a sacred gift from God.”


“Wisdom is divine.”


“Get understanding and wisdom.”


“The knowledge of God is beginning of wisdom.”


“Know God and get wisdom.”


“If we're to have any peace, we must keep faith.”


“It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.”


“Even when walking in the company of two other men, I am bound to be able to learn from them. The good points of the one I copy, the bad points of the other I correct in myself.”


“Wie overal is, is nergens.”


“Kun je ook maar iemand goed vinden als je niemand slecht vindt?”


“Als ik mijn mening te berde breng, is dat om te laten zien hoever mijn blik reikt, niet wat de reikwijdte van de dingen is.”


“Zoals de dwaasheid nooit tevreden is, zelfs niet als haar wensen worden vervuld, zo is de wijsheid steeds tevreden met wat voorhanden is, en heeft nooit onvrede met zichzelf.”


“Dreams are sacred future predictions.”


“The more you learn, the more you know, you don’t know enough.”


“The mind of a soul is beyond another’s’ imagination.”


“The mind of a soul is beyond another’s imagination.”


“Dreams are sacred future events.”


“Our dreams define our destiny.”


“Purify, Purify. Purify thy sacred soul.”


“Told so repeatedly that we were worthless, we could not see the truth until we looked into each other's eyes.”


“Like an animal who gets angry when looking at itself in a mirror, we get angry at each other not realizing that we are looking at ourselves.
We see separation, but it's mind looking at mind. All consciousness is connected, has the same origin, and so we are literally looking at ourselves making us angry.”



“When one day you look back at this life and remember how you pushed yourself from one worry to the next, from one plan to the next, from one fear to the next—will you have ever arrived at the destination that you had in mind—a happier, more fulfilled you?”


“We are one at the root - we just part at the branch”

“The person who wishes to attain human perfection should study logic first, next mathematics, then physics, and, lastly, metaphysics.”


“Are you able to open to the possibility that what you want is not what you need right now? If it was what you needed it would be in your life, right now, and it would come effortlessly.”


“Not everyone is born to fulfill an heroic role. The only realistic ambition is to live in the present. And sometimes, quite often in fact, this is more than enough to keep one busy. Time, which was once squandered, must now be given over to the actual, the possible, and perhaps that evanescent hope of a good outcome which never deserts one, and which should never be abandoned.”

“It's much easier to be wise and patient and reasonable if it doesn't involve you.”

“It's not our memories but the person we have become because of those past experiences that we should treasure.”


“Wings can only fly
as long as the bird flies
Soul blackens when you
put on vestment of lies
White candle wax cries
for ignitable wick
Jealous people burn
to make your heart feel sick”

“You had an image of life inside you, a belief or an ideal, that you were ready to do good deeds, to suffer, and to sacrifice – and by degrees you noticed that the world had no need of your good deeds, or sacrifices, and such like; that life was not an heroic tale, with roles for heroes, and such like, but a comfortable bourgeois parlour, where one is perfectly satisfied with eating and drinking, coffee and knitted stockings, tarot readings and music on the radio. And he who wants otherwise and has the heroic and the beautiful inside him, the veneration of great poets or the adoration of saints inside him, he is a fool and a knight errant, a latter day Don Quixote?”


“The enthusiasm to work hard and endless determination are the two great skills for success.”


“If you think that to embarrass people is funny, well it is not, and you're just an absolute asshole!”

“The others were worried about my body as I aged, but it was my soul I was worried about.”


“People make a lot of noise about not knowing anything.”


“You are not responsible for anybody elses life or happiness, don't ever feel guilty for being happy! ‪”

“You take sides if your smart. Offer up your loyalty cause it's all you've got to trade. Trouble is, most times, when you're looking to sell your soul, nobody's buying." - Radiance”

“Adversity or opportunity is university.”

“Wisdom is the essence of education. Kindness is the essence of morality.”

“Kindness is the best wisdom. Simplicity is the best achievement.”

“People who follow you want to know in their hearts what you are willing to sacrifice for them. Your followers don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care for their welfare. Leading to succeed begins with servant leadership.”

“When you sweeten your knowledge and experience with your thoughts, it becomes your wisdom.”

“Science is a proven concept with standards. Wisdom is the knowledge of life that we learn by living it.”

“Not only a man without hand is handicapped but also a man without health.”

“Without climbing the mountain of hardship, one may not know the joy of hope.”


“След четиридневно нескончаемо блъскане в насрещни ветрища Арен го помоли да извика малко попътен вятър в платното и когато той поклати отрицателно глава, попита:
— Защо не?
— Не бих накарал болен човек да се надбягва, нито ще поставя камък върху превит от товар гръб — отвърна Ястреба.
Не беше ясно дали говори за себе си или за целия свят. Отговорите му винаги бяха пестеливи, трудни за разбиране. В това, помисли си Арен, е същността на магьосничеството: да намекваш за голямо значение, когато не казваш изобщо нищо, и да се правиш, че бездействието е короната на мъдростта.”

“O my soul, is not this enough? Dost thou need more strength than the omnipotence of the United Trinity? Dost thou want more wisdom than exists in the Father, more love than displays itself in the Son, or more power than is manifest in the influences of the Spirit?”

“Don't be afraid of challenges. Let them take you somewhere new.”

“Your self-worth and self-esteem cannot be changed by doing positive affirmations. If that were the case many people would be super confident and are not. It may appear to work for some, but only because they have already faced the hurts inside that have caused low self-worth and low self-esteem, and are ready to feel differently.
Acknowledging the pain and the suffering that take place inside you, and allowing the feelings, will take time, but this new way of handling these feelings will change the way you relate to you and to the outside world.”


“To gain wisdom, try to understand with love.”

“You see how people get through their misfortunes, if they have but a heart to bear up against them, and do nothing that can lie on their conscience afterwards; and how suddenly one comes to be happy, just when one is beginning to think one never is to be happy again! ...who would have thought we should ever know what it is to be happy! Yet here we are all abroad once more! All at liberty! And may run, if we will, straight forward, from one end of the earth to the other, and back again without being stopped! May fly in the sea, or swim in the sky, or tumble over head and heels into the moon! For remember, my good friends, we have no lead in our consciences to keep us down!”

“Never underestimate the power of a well-timed, quality piece of chocolate.”



“Forgiveness will create the opportunity that we need in our lives to deal with negative happenings within and around us.”

“There is something within you that is wanting to emerge and greet this magnificent world.
Your invisibility serves no-one.
You deserve to be seen.
You deserve to be heard.
You deserve to let your magic out and for life to be a glorious adventure.
Do you think you're ready? It is time to remove the mask of invisibility; it is time to embrace the wonder of you.”


“Some of you may feel that if you don't do something soon to change your life, you will be left by the roadside, alone, homeless and in despair. But is the despair not there as you reach and grapple to create or manifest your desires through your own effort and will? What happens if or when those things appear in your life? Joy? Peace? Or a temporary sense of relief?
What if it is relief from the wanting you have been craving for so long, not the outcome, but the relief from the constant wanting.”


“Your outer world mirrors your inner world. How you view your outer world is how you view you, your inner world, the 'you' that needs your care, your attention, your compassion and your love.”


“Humility is a teacher of itself. It is learnt by means of its practise.”


“All the beauty of wisdom and knowledge resides in kindness.”

“When you share your knowledge, you gain wisdom. Share as much as you can and as often as you can.”

“Wisdom in a leader is key to a victorious future.”

“The pathway to enlightenment, transformation and liberation is the heart not the mind.”

“When wisdom overrides, our heart produces immense ideas with solution”

“To get change, you must first pay for it.”

“Everything is light, everything is warmth, everything is electricity, everything is a magnetic field, everything is you.”

“Life is the only game in which the object of the game is to learn the rules.”

“I read to learn. I teach to understand. I practice to gain experience and wisdom.”

“Peace natures wisdom, wisdom natures vision, vision natures destiny and destiny reflects life's purpose.”

“Knowledge is the beauty of a diamond, but wisdom is the shining reflection of that beauty.”

“Knowledge is borrowed; wisdom is unique.”

“Wisdom is like the moonlight that quietly inspires you.”

“To gain wisdom, you must not only acquire knowledge, but you must assimilate it within your being.”

“If knowledge is a glass of water, then wisdom is the unlimited, infinite and not yet invented ocean.”

“Truth is different at different stages of wisdom and awareness.”

“Fools blow air out of their mouths as often as their bums, and either way it causes a stink and comes to nothing.”


“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical, mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!”

“Leaders show examples. They have something to offer and they’ll offer it by the process of how they got it. Anyone who has no examples to show may not lead better.”


“Wisdom is the adobe of a great mind.”

“To find your self, get lost is the search of knowledge and wisdom.”

“God, the universe, life, whatever name you give to the bigger picture, is experiencing itself through you as a human being. A journey from effortlessness, playfulness, freedom, to human doing, suffering and beyond. You can all return to the effortlessness, playfulness, freedom and being, by allowing your moment-by-moment experience, allowing your feelings of pain, suffering, rage, anger and envy to be felt, observed and tenderly allowed. No more self-beating, no more rushing against the tide, no more trying to steer that canoe, for life knows the way, always has and always will.”


“True liberty comes from education, knowledge, and wisdom.”

“A love poem about the most invisible woman:
The perfect mind, the perfect cover.
I knew her, like… there was no other.
No, I will never, her, forget.
In pure blood - these words are set.
She walks alone now, in my dreams,
where no is never, so it seems.
The night is dark, and near the hour –
to plant a tree, where roses flower.
And then, again, again, once more,
Till hidden is what I adore.
Her heart was pure, and also kind,
And I… should not have acted blind.”



“No kindness is ever wasted, nor can we ever tell how much good may come of it.”


“Never go on a date unarmed.” Words of wisdom from my father. Well, my foster father. I was an orphan, of course. The best kings always are.”


“That's what being free means - not the right to do whatever you want, but the right to take a stand and say what you'll die for.”


“Aunty, whatever the matter, just remember that it is the same moon that wanes today that will be full tomorrow. And even the sun, however long it disappears, it always shines again.”


“Librarians hoard the wisdom of humanity. They are the keepers of all knowledge, the guardians at the temples of understanding and devoted protectors of the sanctuary in the midst of uneducated anarchy.”

“Wise people understand the need to consult experts; only fools are confident they know everything.”

“The longer you deny something, such as love, the larger the feelings will grow until you cannot deny it any longer.”

“A poem to Raymond, whom everybody loves, originally composed on a waterproof smartphone in a sea of love, which was hidden under the pile of garbage that my bum-pals that have no pen names, or pen-pals, or names, for that matter, brought to me as an offering on the 1st of April 1877, exactly 111 years and 7 months before I was brought forth to this world, because some anonymous prophet told them this would bring luck, joy, happiness, food, and, of course – shelter from evil (he was lying):
If it's fantasy you seek,
to E. Feist then, you must speak.
All he writes is all there is,
for his words, they move the seas.
.
I would write, but I know naught.
In my heart there is a draught.
Hidden desert - golden sands.
Few my love can ever stand.
And so far I've talked to many,
a reply - will there be any?
I know - not, yet I know naught,
all to question, I was taught...
So I learn, I borrow wisdom,
from the great, the ones with vision.
They can teach, the few that grasp,
concepts from a long forgotten past.”


“God is love. Love is of God. Whoever loves is of God.”


“By the time most people say 'I'm sorry' it is already too late.”

“Once you start impressing yourself you will impress the world.”

“Let your personality be your profit and not your punishment.”

“For all Wichtig spoke of trust, he trusted no one. For all he spoke of wisdom, he learned nothing. Every word he uttered was done so with an eye toward manipulation.”


“Let's explore Life with the compass of Love.”

“You must have a vivid imagination of what you seek.”


“You don't need to be rich to be happy- to be happy, you need to think happy.”


“Don't get so lost in their words. Pay attention to their actions”


“A prisoner should know that there are thousands of imprisoned freemen living in this world…jailed in their own society, handcuffed by duties..”

“Let peace be. Let life be.”


“And now she began muttering to herself. "God , who created you, must have known what He did. Enough is enough.”


“All Authors come from the unified countrynent known as Australia. Authors live in the future where love is external.”

“Generosity is the heart of humanity.”


“Getting rid of a truth makes us wiser than getting hold of a delusion”


“Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!”

“Three essential virtues are patient, loyalty and kindness.”


“If it has to be done, take the responsibility to do it.”


“Spesso c'è più saggezza in uno che in una moltitudine.”


“The selfish mind is the distracted mind and the distracted mind is the easily oppressed mind.”

“The number one thing to steal from your competitors: Wisdom.”

“I brought you here to tell you this: sometimes what we are searching for does not exist. We may sacrifice for it, even bleed for it, but it was never meant to be ours.”



“All knowledge meets an end at the question '...Why?”


“We must never forget our teachers, our lecturers and our mentors. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.”


“I wish for you the wisdom to realize that forgiveness has nothing to do with an apology.”

“Hardships refine a man to what he ought to be.”


“. . . most martial artists want to know how A technique is done, A seasoned Sensei will demonstrate why”


“One must avoid snobbery and misanthropy. But one must also be unafraid to criticise those who reach for the lowest common denominator, and who sometimes succeed in finding it. This criticism would be effortless if there were no "people" waiting for just such an appeal. Any fool can lampoon a king or a bishop or a billionaire. A trifle more grit is required to face down a mob, or even a studio audience that has decided it knows what it wants and is entitled to get it. And the fact that kings and bishops and billionaires often have more say than most in forming appetites and emotions of the crowd is not irrelevant, either.”


“إذا كان بإمكانك أن تقوم بعمل ما بشكل متقن، فبإمكانك أن تقوم بأي عمل بذات الإتقان.”

“The forces of piety have always and everywhere been the sworn enemy of the open mind and the open book.”


“. . and so it is that A Sensei may impart his knowledge of the martial Way and nurture your fighting abilities, but you must learn the wisdom of finding other ways than martial skills to solve your problems”


“Any self-defense situation has the potential to quickly become A 'life and death' situation, therefore your practice of martial arts should be undertaken, as if your very life depends on it . . .”


“The star rises from the east. Watch out! Your star will guide you.”


“Availability of knowledge is only next to prevalence of stupidity in its overwhelming abundance.”

“It's a fallacy to believe that age in itself brings wisdom, but one thing it infallibly brings is experience.”


“A universal truth that most mature women have learned, often the hard way.... When choosing a mate, keep in mind, only nature has the ability to turn sand into pearls. If the relationship isn't happy, healthy, or working, move on... unless of course you prefer sand.”

“Man is mortal; we are dust and to dust we shall return”


“Beyond the visible is invisible.”


“Abiding in the vine leads to fruit bearing.”


“When you're experiencing that year-in, year-out challenge of being on your own, it's easy to ask the question "What does everyone else know that I don't?" I suggest you flip that around.”


“We are only mortal flesh.”


“Every living creature breathes.”


“Orte, wo keine Katzen leben wollen, sollte man meiden, Havald”


“I’ve always thought that the reason the devil approached Eve and not Adam is because the devil Recognized the power, courage, and the tenacity of a woman, the world would have you believe that Eve was a weaker sex and that is why the devil approached her, But think about it, a weak person would never disobey let alone desire to be God.”

“The moment in time is unrepeatable.”


“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”


“Every great accomplishments requires great grace and great enthusiasm.”


“Every flower blossoms in its sacred time.”


“It's not a matter of whether you want happiness. We all need peace, love, and happiness. But, if you fail to nurture your spirit, by absorbing all things good and giving attention to the matters of your heart, it will be hard to obtain. It must radiate from inside of you. Then, flow outwardly penetrating everyone around you.”


“There will be people who admire your strength and courage. But, there will also be those willing to knock everything you say and do. They think it goes unnoticed, but you have excellent peripheral vision. The trick is to never let them get the best of you. Don't become vulnerable to their deceptive nature. You were born to succeed.”


“It is much better to die of hunger unhindered by grief and fear than to live affluently beset with worry, dread, suspicion and unchecked desire.”

“What seems to be coming at you is really coming from you”

“Try your hardest to combat atrophy and routine. To question The Obvious and the given is an essential element of the maxim 'de omnius dubitandum' [All is to be doubted].”



“God is the source of all knowledge.”


“Seek to know thy soul; strength of love, light and life.”


“Savour on the moment, while still waiting for sacred time.”


“Our existence and our environment enclose entities of divinity.”


“Love is the ecstasy of life.”


“Imagination is glorious riches of mystery.”


“All creations are divine.”


“You ought to enjoy the rhythm of the sacred ride.”


“Love is ecstasy of life”


“Humans are the greatest sacred resources.”


“All hobbies suck, but if you keep at it, you might find at the end that you’ve managed to kill some precious time.”

“God gives life, strength and wisdom for every accomplishment.”


“Our existence and our environment enclosed entities of divinity.”


“May the enthusiasm of a new year give you a persistent willpower to fulfill your dream.”


“In my quest to search for knowledge, I know God, the source of knowledge.”


“The written word is the greatest sacred documentation.”


“God gives wisdom, knowledge and understanding.”


“Love is sacred state of mind, body and soul.”


“Every sacred soul has in a sacred body.”


“The truest knowledge is to know thy Creator and thy self.”


“Act as if it was, and it will be.”


“The greatest education is learning to know the divinity of thy soul.”


“The priceless gift of life, strength and time is our greatest wealth.”


“Love melts my heart in the sacredness of its pureness.”


“Your life is a book. Everyone could read it.”


“Life is a sacred book.”


“There is love in every heart.”


“Education is liberation, knowledge is power.”

“Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.”

“THE OLD MAN IN THE CORNER
The man in the corner
Is dying with words
He's crying to be heard
His days are marked
And his only ears are birds
He knows the secret to peace
And his experience bleeds and hurts
Somebody stop and listen
Before he departs the earth!
Somebody write his thoughts
Before he hits the turf!
His eyes are closing their shutters
And he just dropped his
Beads and stick.
His breath is leaving us.
Please!
Somebody hear him out quick!
A little girl rushes to him and
Picks up his cane of wood.
The old man then turns to her
And faintly whispers,
"The key to peace is
To always stay fair
And be good.”



“Watching sunset makes you feel stronger”

“Love will drive you insane, but never let it drive you stupid or blind.”

“The sacredness of Christmas: glory to God in the highest holy heavens, peace on earth and goodwill to all people.”


“All religions are good except when they try to resist nature.”

“Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.”

“In a group of a hundred people, one person with strong belief is greater than the force of ninety-nine who only show interest Believe.”

“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.”

“Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking or strike it with fire than to wait for it.”

“When you set goals for yourself, remember that time is of great essence. The earlier you start pursuing your goals, the better.”

“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”

“Work is either fun or stress. It depends on your attitude. See work as fun, and everything changes positively.”

“Don’t be ruled by your past. Don’t be crippled by the past. Let the past be the past and focus on what is ahead. Remember however that if you neglect the most essential lessons of the past, you shall walk into the future with one leg.”

“Life is a gracious gift.”


“Music and imagination are made of the same substance -they contain soulful substances that are more real than reality.”

“If you wish to see God; look people in the eye, listen to them, and see how they treat other people.”

“The spirit of divinity lives in you.”


“The spark of divinity enfolds in love, in light and in faith.”


“Life is a sacred spark of divinity.”


“Love ignites the spark of divinity in every soul.”


“The bond of love, we unite the world.”


“It is only God who gives strength and wisdom to fulfill the God-given dream.”


“Let living know they will die one day. They ought to live wisely.”


“It is only God who gives strength and wisdom for fulfill the God-given dream.”


“In the pursuit of knowledge, no one should travel alone”


“We don’t exist to survive. We live to strive.”


“How can the nation be mightier, without unity of its citizens?”


“If you are not happy with the work you do, change it”

“You have to make people realize your worth, else no one cares!”

“Dear Child,
Sometimes on your travel through hell, you meet people that think they are in heaven because of their cleverness and ability to get away with things. Travel past them because they don't understand who they have become and never will. These type of people feel justified in revenge and will never learn mercy or forgiveness because they live by comparison. They are the people that don't care about anyone, other than who is making them feel confident. They don’t understand that their deity is not rejoicing with them because of their actions, rather he is trying to free them from their insecurities, by softening their heart. They rather put out your light than find their own. They don't have the ability to see beyond the false sense of happiness they get from destroying others. You know what happiness is and it isn’t this. Don’t see their success as their deliverance. It is a mask of vindication which has no audience, other than their own kind. They have joined countless others that call themselves “survivors”. They believe that they are entitled to win because life didn’t go as planned for them. You are not like them. You were not meant to stay in hell and follow their belief system. You were bound for greatness. You were born to help them by leading. Rise up and be the light home. You were given the gift to see the truth. They will have an army of people that are like them and you are going to feel alone. However, your family in heaven stands beside you now. They are your strength and as countless as the stars. It is time to let go!
Love,
Your Guardian Angel”

“You may not understand issues that do not pertain to the heart, but be a master in areas that do. Nobody knows everything, and nobody can be a master of everything. Nobody was created perfect, and nobody should be measured according to perfection. It is the weight of your heart that matters the most in the end. All else is irrelevant.”



“Peace of mind, joy at heart.”


“Knowing is important, but understanding is essential for wisdom.”

“Modern society drinks in streams of information while dying of wisdom thirst.”

“Being your own light ensures that you will never need another to pull you out of darkness again.”

“Master the chaos within yourself and I promise you, you will gain the strength to withstand any storm.”

“I think sometimes, despite our good intentions and wise choices, something's are up to fate and we learn to play our part the best we can.”

“An intelligent person has knowledge, but a wise person has experience with humility.”

“Wisdom is the highest strength; simplicity has intrinsic power.”

“You cease to be wise or intelligent when your beliefs are false.”

“A wise person does not fear failure but gains experience and wisdom.”

“True education gives you power. Education and experience make you wise.”

“It is not that I am wise; it is because I see everything through nonjudgmental love and kindness.”

“Our abilities to understand, adjust, and change make us wise.”

“True wisdom is found in simplicity and in humility.”

“The most important wisdom of life is to have the eagerness to gain wisdom.”

“Curiosity is the beginning of knowledge, but understanding is the beginning of wisdom.”

“Wisdom is in uniconsciousness.”

“Nothing cheap without reason.”


“There was a product which seemed attractive, expensive, portable, beautiful and simple. Everybody talked about its beauty but they bought it for it's simplicity.”

“A good man cares about others. A good man has not only selfish desires. He is not only centered in himself. A bad man has no concern for others. He has only selfish concerns. He is centered in his own world.”

“You think that you have everything, but truly you have nothing but your wisdom, love, and kindness.”

“You’re going to mess up in life. We’re all going to do things and wonder why we did something so stupid. There’s going to be times we say things that leave us feeling regretful. We’re going to feel mad at ourselves and even shameful at our own actions. Never be too proud to say you’re sorry or I love you. These are easy words that strengthen our heart, and give us peace and wisdom.”

“There's no point in being an unhappy success, and there's not much sense in being a happy failure either.”


“Education has enhanced my wisdom. Simplicity and humility will not allow me to call myself wise.”

“Love at all times.”


“Love is heartbeat of life.”


“Love is the heartbeat of life.”


“Those who are weak in spirit, desire to make others weaker.
While the strong spirit, desire to empower others to be stronger.”


“There are four things that lead to wisdom. You ready for them?'
She nodded, wondering when the police work would begin.
"They are four sentences we learn to say, and mean." Gamache held up his hand as a fist and raised a finger with each point. "I don't know. I need help. I'm sorry. I was wrong'.”



“It's Painful Experiences... That Makes You Wise!”

“Independence is important to intelligent decision making for two reasons. First, it keeps the mistakes that people make from becoming correlated. Errors in individual judgment won’t wreck the group’s collective judgment as long as those errors aren’t systematically pointing in the same direction. One of the quickest ways to make people’s judgments systematically biased is to make them dependent on each other for information.”

“God holds the key to every door.”


“Wisdom is like the rain.
It's supply is unlimited, but it comes down according to what the occasion requires -
in winter and spring, in summer and autumn,
always in due measure, more or less,
but the source of that rain is the oceans itself, which has no limits.”


“There are four things that lead to wisdom. You ready for them?'
She nodded, wondering when the police work would begin.
"They are four sentences we learn to say, and mean." Gamache held up his hand as a fist and raised a finger with each point. 'I don't know. I need help. I'm sorry. I was wrong'.”

“Pure wisdom is the 'fruit of life'; banal platitudes are the 'bane of existence'.”


“The more you know, the less you talk. The less you talk, the more you know.”

“We must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but it is a means by which we arrive at that goal. We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means.”

“Do everything with love.”


“If you value your success then raise
the standard of your attitude for it.”

“Every new morning brings new freshness and new renewal.”


“Knowing more than someone does not necessarily mean that you know every single thing they know.”

“My heart filled with endless praise.”


“Without a vivid picture of what you want, how can you reach it?”


“Write down your goals and let it be your guidepost.”


“The breath of life comes from God.”


“Love is the strength of the spirit.”


“We weep as we witness the dead of a loved one.”


“Imagination is the core of attraction.”


“If we understand we need each other, we will keep together.”


“Little with love is better than much without love.”


“If people begin to be more grateful, they will see the wonders of life.”


“The definition of the word 'finished' is: 'This word means finished.”


“The soul-sacred strength is calmness and confidence.”

“When I was a child, the lessons my father taught me had been about perseverance, never to accept limitations that stood in my way. As an adult, watching him in his final years, I also saw how to come to terms with limits that couldn't simply be wished away. When to shift from pushing against limits to making the best of them is not often readily apparent. But it is clear that are times when the cost of pushing exceeds its value. Helping my father through the struggle to define that moment was simultaneously among the most painful and most privileged experiences of my life. Part of the way my father handled the limits he faced was by looking at them without illusion. Though his circumstances sometimes got him down, he never pretended they were better than they were. He always understood that life is short and one's place in the world is small. But he also saw himself as a link in a chain of history.”

“May the Lord grant you great grace, great strength and great wisdom.”


“Our sacred character develops; we connect to source of life, the Creator.”


“Don’t wait for the last hour of life; to do the things you wish to do.”


“The wisdom of age is bitter when those you have failed have gone.”


“One of the most devastating symptoms of pride is the unwillingness to forgive.”



“Beautiful are those whose brokenness gives birth to transformation and wisdom.”

“Truth is not fully explosive, but purely electric. You don't blow the world up with the truth; you shock it into motion.”


“Whatever God permits to happen in your life is a gift to you. God has two goals...His Glory and Your Good!”

“Don’t cry and don’t rage. Understand.”

“Brave is the thief who carries a lamp in his hand.”


“If we love God, we will love another. Love is God.”


“Yesterday I wanted to be One. Today I want to be None. Tomorrow I shall have No want. Now I am waiting for the Tomorrow.”

“I will not serve God like a labourer, in expectation of my wages.”


“Education leads to intellectual life.”


“In the pursuit of knowledge, we know God.”


“Relax and rejuvenate your sacred-spirit.”


“X-sacred, X-love.”


“X-sacred.”


“My Life is My MOM & DAD”

“The measure of wisdom is in simplicity, humility, and in friendliness.”

“I can only run as fast as the rate of my breath.”


“I can run at pace of my breath.”


“How can we love the unseen God and hate the visible man?”


“All that I seen makes be fear the Lord, for great is wrath.”


“Life is a sacred breath.”


“Humankind is the greatest resources.”


“Never make permanent eternal decisions based on sense knowledge.”

“You can be happy irrespective of what you have.”


“يخطئ من يعتقد أن النجاح هبة أو موهبة.. فالنجاح ليس سوى مهارة كغيرها من المهارات يمكن لكل من يرغب أن يتعلمها ويتقنها”

“You have to be careful to kill a fly that is perched on your scrotum.”

“To try is to accept the possibility of failure. Simply do.”


“Those who want rain, must also accept the mud.”

“The secret of life is not in what happens to you. It is in what you do with it that happens to you.”

“Today is an important day because I only live in today. Yesterday cannot be changed, tomorrow cannot be known. Tomorrow is the today of tomorrow.”

“Capture the moment. It is your only sacred-memory.”



“قطار الفرص يمر بجميع المحطات، لكنه لا يجبر أحداً على ركوبه..”

“الفرص كطائر النورس، ما أن تحط حتى ترحل.. فمن أراد أن يصطادها لابد أن يستعد لها قبل أن تحط لا بعد أن ترحل”

“الإنسان الناجح يرى أن حظه بسبب نجاحه.. أما الفاشل فيرى أن فشله بسبب حظه..”

“لأن تقلبات الحياة تكون أقسى منك أحياناً
كن كالماء، يتشكل بحسب الإناء الذي يُسكب فيه دون أن تتغير تركيبته أو تتبدل خواصه أو يتعكر صفاؤه”

“تستطيع العاصفة أن تدمر مدينة أو بلدة بأكملها، لكنها لا تستطيع أن تحل عقدة خيط ضعيف.. كذلك هو الغضب، يُدمر ولا يُنتج حلولاً..”

“It’s easy to put the links between the increases in mental illness, depression, ADHD, and the like, with the speed of the modern world. People never get the chance to do nothing, or when they do, they lack the control to prevent their mind from racing off in a thousand different directions. So much so that their doing nothing becomes a thousand different things and the thousand different things becomes stress, anxiety, worry and fear. Left untreated these simple everyday things become well entrenched in our psyches and start to dominate our lives. We have a chronic addiction with doing and we love to use our busyness as a stamp of our hard work and hectic lives and we get stuck in this busy trap of always doing.”


“Every experience has a pattern and sometimes it teaches us through the spirit of patience captured, that there are no coincidences in life.”

“Anything good is worth the patient and the endurance.”


“Look within. Beyond all the mental noise of thoughts, there is a space of purity, compassion and joy. That is love.”

“Sometimes, we must travel on the longest path to our sacred-destination.”


“If life is like a canoe in a raging river then wisdom is the paddle to successfully navigate.”

“In the furnace of fire, gold and silver are refined.
In the furnace of affliction, we are refined and purified.”


“With heavy rainfall, the river will overflow its banks.”


“Future never desires to become a past”

“A willing soul will keenly go the length, breadth and depth to fulfill the dream.”


“There is no knowledge without learning. There is no wisdom without experience.”

“Life is a sacred-spirit.”


“Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.”

“The power of prayer is a prophecy.”


“Life is a divine adventure.”


“The light is more powerful than the darkness.”


“I write awe-thoughts flowing in my mind.”


“Information about the activities of one body of Sufis may be harmful to the potential of another.”


“Action is the only truth. Truth is the only reality. Rest is all thought - philosophy, fantasy or imagination. But, universe is not a thought. Universe is action. How does it matter what the world, society or I think what I am meant to do or what I am born to do? The truth is what I am doing and that's what makes the difference to the world; thats the only reality and that's what reflects the self that I am.”

“​Equality is not sameness. We all are born different – we look different and we have different circumstances. But, we all are born out of the same universe – the matter that makes our bodies comes from this magnificent universe. I have been a science student but I never heard of black matter used for black bodies, white matter for white bodies, and brown matter for brown bodies and so on.”

“You and I are separate is an illusion. You and I are connected with energy that fills the space.
You and I are made up of this energy. This energy is love.
You and I are one. This oneness is love.”

“Love is the state of being; it is not a personal feeling directed to a particular someone. Love is beyond romance and attraction.
Love is when it doesn't matter when you get that person or not because you have met your own self through that person and that self will always be with you....within you.Love is not your loftiest fantasy you always thought will happen to you. Love is not wanting someone at any cost and cursing them if you do not "get" them. Love is who you are - your very essence felt and experienced by all that come into your vicinity”

“من النادر أن ترى نجاحاً بدون اجتهاد.. ومن الأكثر ندرة أن ترى اجتهاداً لا ينتهي بالنجاح..”

“Where there is great love there is great harmony of thought.”


